You go there not even call me angry, quickly apologized to me
apologize! ! Then you have to find time to go
Brought a washboard go
I can SEED.24 hour check-in time of 4 hours, for me Guangyi Xia this every night feeling good
Another just bought a month SEED morning just disable the VIP route it bought a year after the ban results with an afternoon hung up now with a speed difference is very Jisu Wang
You feel bad
This time to bite the bullet into the whole!
I finish this vote of members rating will rise up!
To continue to rise
Remember also ... the rest of us to move bricks only three days to earn $ 20
Where represents the ordinary people?
I nonsense
Get better soon ah. happy Birthday
Almost too good friends
That&#39;s fine ah
so early! ! My exam week has not started yet!
Yes ah, so fast this year
More than this year, I found that every time you good morning
Carefully big mouth, next to the latest
Under today do not know what, but a cold day
hope to…
The first snow snowflake is not the way, pay attention to anti-small hail, oh
Ah, you too Ha ...
Little brother teach me
how to teach
Words and deeds
Third Sister eat melon
Third Sister drink Wang Zi
I also want to drink
You buy
I bought what I drink
I do not care I have
You to take
I&#39;m afraid to go to get out
Long hair is not very long
I think it looks good slow
I have long hair super fast
Maintain a pleasant mood
Oh friends ~ Sanya do not play happy?
Good, next time together!
Wood problem, eat more seafood, fruits ~
A long acne
I am also most hateful acne acne
I generally do not Changdou
Look at your photos Duman good skin, I usually Changdou
I generally do not long! Some time ago you may drink! So aunt came out all of a sudden row
Oh, that does not matter, will disappear in a few days
Er er er, good thing I is not easy to scars, or so depressed
Oh, good skin envy
My skin is not too good friends, I will be willing to take because some acne, I like very spicy food
I like spicy food, every time after eating all take a lot of
Ha ha ha! My aunt is coming around will take some!
I think the main meal a little tired ... ... non-stick sauce fries super delicious! ! ! That is also delicious fried fish sticks! !
Did something else - knew of should then ask your
You say in the movies I did not say ... ...
Jealousy makes me ugly
I made the group that called Sichuan hot pot fishing as well as crayfish!
When you come back we eat!
I have to read the small Mo went Bitter ah, well, look at you late
Seriously - Do not forget the knowledge ...
Hey, more and more trapped
How high school students are suffering from the same disease? ...
Right, sleepiness disorder, ha ha
Ok! I used to read when reading also love to sleep ... ...
Wow, reading love to sleep out of wanderers shake hands
But I read the novel may have kept on, ha ha!
Me too me too
Kaifeng Qingming River Park, live there pretty good, very good play on the air, no one, very clean!
. . . This is my home. . . Go back too many times slightly. . .
Guan Gong in front of the masters!
My heart hurts you have to flirting with this level of
He says you have no chance of thing you think I lie to you
Do not! I still believe that she loves me, I can be very dirty I wanna drive a Porsche sail colorful clouds to marry her get married Jingzhou
On-site sewage a sprinkle but you do have my lovely
I live to play a more dirty, thank you, everyone calls me Meng Meng, according to what to say, I am cuter than you should
what. This is not the kind I like to eat sugar it. The same name as you leave me a graduation for me
Haha, Datong buy more will go to school I see if I can choked
Why do not you choked. I want one on one
It should be OK, but it is estimated dry
refrigeration
Brain make up look, a refrigerator, put all kinds of food, then there is a sugar in the corner
Ha ha ha. The funny
So you want to become Mother daughter do
Aunt chance to see the whole family, aunt uncle of burly son is
Fork generation of children. Every midnight kicked a beer bottle in the bedroom retaliation big weekend of the disturbing dream man, anyway, soon to be moved out
These days, sixty to seventy also have to call aunt, grandmother dare call
At noon you go back to get popsicles or not ah
You would do?
No refrigerator to how to do! ! ! ! You do not want to popsicles, sticks Well
I thought I did give you
You do give it a refrigerator
Well slightly
Hammer you to death ... ... sunny in the way I went to the fall camp
See cheerful children who wanted to poison tongue. . Say good paper it!
Weekend weekend weekend
Western security is delicious
Stars, we go
What stars like Pippi shrimp
Pippi Star
You&#39;re the ho
Do not pretend the seniors
I installed the Han
A fat eating fat Bianshi silently walked ~ ~ ~ ~
You farming in the street? And I have to go back
No! I just finished the class teacher back to the dorm!
Oh. . . . Then go back to it. Cold weather
Blessings! Early come back! Eating pork preserved in ~ ~ ~
It is also up slightly in winter. . . Like meat
Do not, it will be more obvious shabby poor ah!
. . Students, have you think so Well. . . I&#39;m back! ! ?
About money?
You do with a polymer droplets bubble
What is that water? ? ?
I am home. Play ... ah ... boring
Sister did not empty, to attend classes
You go home at night to drink
To rub the pot it? Our dinner tonight
Seeking invite
Last night how not invite me
You name those friends really funny
They were originally Frankenstein
N They include you?
No, ha ha ha ha
This is our family Personnel, temporary, low wages
Do is go da? Or is being done for some time ...
temporary
It would do first with long experience chant. Come on baby…
Oh, huh, huh.
Clouds painted moonlight read it?
No, ah, look good?
Looks great
It really is to me into the pit ah. I&#39;ve been really calm I love his feelings in an attempt to pressure the emotion ah!
How you get big eyes, open his eyes up?
? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? My eyes have been no less okay
Ha ha ha ha, you are the most beautiful
Johnson Express
Xiexie Bo, is my identity card birthday.
Today go crazy
Hug
When did you school ah
No. 3 afraid you do not want to tell you sad
Then you said!
My Timex fried, do not eat at night is not
Not! I am a big fat pig! ! !
More than 140 are not fairy
Waste food, really okay
And so the next spring came, a chance to cook
Certainly you can not eat it
Why do not you try it?
Microwave repeated heating certainly can not eat
It will not change the popcorn?
Red beans become popcorn, a big hole in your brain ah
The first is an enlarged m ah. Or am I wrong. ?
I always thought popcorn is made from corn
I was wrong, do not laugh at me
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ... I did not laugh, I do not laugh at you ... ... ... ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
How many children of the rich and powerful instruments of peace in a foreign country? So in the end which country they love?
You no clear objective, no factual evidence, so superficial put down a word, so you want to like it? Even if the black point of shipment should have on hand, so you look your very foolish.
You really deplorable
You can say something material point of it? Only know to say something &quot;pathetic,&quot; &quot;ignorant&quot;, shows you are stumped ah
You swollen so early to go to school?
Bored at home no one to play chant! ! ! !
Then you go to school to play someone?
There are, ah, a lot of people forehead! ! !
caveat! Children, the elderly may not play in the ice, so as not to trouble the police!
The old man a shortcut, fell out
I&#39;m just still wondering how will fall into
You to two wealthy woman, the money to the body itch. . .
Good poor acridine
Money than you make poor friends. . . Also willing to buy. . .
Living life
Shashi Hou back? Mr. Chang sent you to eat ~
what? Really ah my back is a joke of it
Really really
Too embarrassed
Southern Girl Who would not dumplings
You can?
It must be!
When did you also become a micro girl
Opportunity to prove that he is a woman, how could I let go
It seems threshold ah I did not try
Eleven romance, crying to low-grade fever. I may not believe in love again
It seems that we are the same
We should strive to put down
You can also a half-hour action
To try it
Report of
Joke, why so serious
I&#39;ll scare you
you know?
Twinkle Little Star eh eye shadow look good
He received a key ring to say yo really appreciate my eye shadow
Figure receipt back to you ah ~ Good Morning
Do not let me help you partner
I found that regardless of character or palm Ziwei, figure out who I have been a late marriage, embarrassed
You do not always self-suggestion, ah, before the age of 30 to fight it
I&#39;ll try this, ah ...
Amen ... God bless you ...
One plus one equals a few
Equal to two
Sweetheart - you can not reproduce in recent copy too sweet sorrow
Ha ha ha ha ha you forget trumpet
Trumpet simply snore world is full of small pink
Want to see him handsome, No. 31 &quot;girlfriends&quot;
Movie?
Yes
Sister eyes closed photographic skill the more sophisticated the
Eyes are
Eyes open? Eye it?
So big
Sand should be tightly blocked
Finish your homework ah.
I do come back - -
I did not go ...
Long time no chat with you Well
long time no see
I come every day
Come on Come on, my family Satsuma canine distemper treatment was discharged two months, nursed back to health at home for a month, now Bang Bang, and it is important to stay
Huh thank him status can also be a half months
Before the doctor told me two months to get through basically no big problem Bang Bangbang
No bangs on the exchange, bangs battles a year p9
Like do not like bangs
Most pollen should not want to have bangs
Right ah, the result was bangs
Today, I want to ask the customer to eat not eat too
Ask the customer to actually go ninety-nine
Customers to be divided into several Kazakh get down to business generally do not come to eat
All the way ~
I went to friends
Remember to bring a gift, just come back, tired of lying
You buy the materials I do
I also want to be too virtuous times
The new child will certainly do, after all, is the perfect Pisces
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha is! Pisces perfect!
Hello﹏
I&#39;m bad, I want to sleep, you sleep fast
You can also sleep! !
Have you ever ruffled hair
Wayward flying in the wind
It chic Fly
Crystal is also very good and I think the plus-hui month, even though I voted beans, but in the end this sentence is very vague warm up
I would rather have had the towers are not called coffee beans
Feel more and more coffee beans silly ... ...
Which Huizhou Resort fun?
Resort? Huizhou wood resort.
Why wood? Not that there is anything to the Bay
Bimonthly Bay? Daya Bay? Bi-monthly to bimonthly Bay to see the arc at high levels, the Daya Bay n years did not go, I do not know now is how. Zhuhai, Huizhou, with almost no Zhuhai now clean, comfortable home, but nothing can play
Hello, this is how hurt ah? A good rest, I wish you get better sooner oh ~
Fell on the stairs, and so the swelling to surgery, Thanks for your attention
Do not mention it, I am a doctor, and you can look at it with each other
Thank you, now I do every day in the hospital
You do not play werewolf kill me, now I have changed, I often take the werewolf electrode
You&#39;ve changed, I&#39;ll play a few yesterday afternoon
Play call me ah!
Thick ah
Stay up.
I&#39;m at home now! !
Ah, National Day holiday
No, I leave the
Why wear long-sleeved
10 degrees you say haha
What local weather temperature so good
Tibet ah
Good crazy rhythm
I only care what extra-curricular classes reported it?
Swimming class
Swimming chic couple own religion is not better?
Thank you dear thank you know you&#39;ve been in a familiar name children familiar picture
No crying, ah, fast sleep eyes swollen and you feel bad ~
Hey friends cry you go to bed early friends good night
No matter back to sleep
I heard that there are good-looking girl
I particularly tangled today is a reminder to renew my success, but I did not renew ah. .
incredible! That is, someone quietly give you renewals
Who does it so well
That is it! Or else a system error, but can not
I particularly timid secretly buckle my money
Er er, right Ha, I did not expect this point, the system automatically renew
Help you to help you stay twenty
Thank you, thank you! !
love you!
Huawei training people
Nine classes ninety-six days
Squeezing peanut oil
Oh, why not come outreach Nigeria?
Outreach did not either
Which? no impression
Pancakes could be so big
Shandong size
You may have
I BRIC
Just three years older than people think it is just how it left women
I&#39;m three years older than anyone else
Freshman Xiaopen friends ah ~
Probably also older than me
Why do not where to go, Jiangsu
No. Guangzhou.
I know that in Guangzhou, Guangzhou people you are not right
Is really looks nice, the water was down to the outfit
Taste is very important that you top this girl wearing too casual
? ? ? ? ? ? ? taste? !
You go about
When to go?
Early
okay
Love two things are fit to do the two families
Now that I have regret. Eventually become people who love ex-husband, I have nothing, just simply because the price of love, love.
I am going to have to divorce, his parents can not stand strong, her husband&#39;s weakness
Legs getting longer
Good angle
Please take pictures of the dinner
Such people are really not many
In fact, I also like this
you are dreaming
It seems that you do not know me
You home yet
Yes, yesterday back
Also left in a hurry
Ah, do not say to the Royal Park
Haha ~ ~ Royal Park closed training in the evening it ~ gorgeous sister would come back to see us! ~ Such as back seeking Cengfan
OK ah ha ha, of course
I heard you come in the morning and I did not
Want to see you till we meet again can only tell you okay
Okay okay it is to wait to unload
You went home?
Ah, come back, go tomorrow!
okay.
Goldwater flow I feel like our age is not very suitable, good-looking bottle that is, hey, really want to do homework on top of skin care ah
If there can be directly counter to try on the face of the most intuitive
Well, this is still the most pertinent slightly
Your midterm?
No, we do not have midterms
Anyway, to test
Dreamed daydreaming
Discuss fight
Made some big nights without sleep choke hold back words
Tired heart
Wool tired to lie-up pishi not got to bed soon
Baby you are not stupid
Ha ha ha ha ha net red reply to me
kisses
Come on Come on come and collect
Please send me
Okay good hemp
This week fly with me!
Tummy sleeping, face down
Chest also tied
Face down, do not thank me-up body
If you wit
Originally, I was slow in responding
Ha ha ha ha ha, Taoge, you slow up
Recently Xiudou, long time back to Chongqing about yo
Some yo
What&#39;s with this strange ah? What is amazing in Guangdong, the most common soup
It is it is it, I mean hoof it!
It is to add corn Horseshoe Horseshoe ah ribs occasionally add some carrots are doing
Well, I intend today carrot
Guangzhou to see more people would eat
I was born Guangzhou ...
There is no group of people together hundreds of pieces it can be cheaper tattoo
There are going to tattoo it?
are you going
bored? how come
The story really boring ah
Well, good to see ah, look at different possible interest
I think you should choose wisdom. Long your brain
I think his choice is right, spectacular, I have to change my answer, how can you limit someone else
Because you lack the brain it
You can not say my idol
Piano Princess
Piano little princess long ceased to earth
I forget what this software
You are the parents how to play the family card?
For example, some time ago just cats, I have bought back, a few days I was suddenly very cold to say either to throw the cat, or move out together and there is no sign of your cat, and then I moved out
No communication before you buy it
The rise of all love your shape!
Thank you all inside my favorite
I wish you a speedy weight gain success
Summer has come and want fat is immune
Good morning we are diligent
I sad reminder ah
To morning exercise or morning reading
We do not have animation community
We have here a lot of communities.
that&#39;s nice
But you know I&#39;m not alone
A man more stupid
We do a dozen people
You know many friends
Ah ~ ~ good to hear it the first time that Mao Cong sing nicely than before the ~
Daegu where to look hui today&#39;s Caesar? We did not see you ... ye ...
Guess ~
Recently, various checks, a little busy.
Haha, you are now Staff, is not it? Easy soaring?
How can there be so easy,
You can, and I&#39;ll wait for your promotion, I transferred to civilian ancestor
Phone ring tones say.
Gave me a set is what ha ha
You do not give me a call.
So what the secretary to sleep now
Waterloo also laid my bed she would sleep with her basically
Really want to see secretary
After heavy snow in the world do not come here to sit on the clock!
Go to your house to eat hot pot ah! ! !
Hurrah! !
That you properly prepare it on a recent ready at any time to call me I put it in the past twelve secretary of the bully
? ? ? ? 2 dozen 1? ? ? ?
You want to become a Warren!
Learning a hint of Kazakhstan
Come on.
The most horrible thing is alive, the money was gone
Oh, do not rest in peace
Yongbumingmu
You are too P I despise you for all sisters
do not be like this! Remember Xinzhuang live next year.
That coffee shop how to do?
Coffee Shop nowhere to be found?
Ready Money
Poverty and block my way Starchaser
Yes
I ask, Why art collections when there are goods of others have,
Lanzhou has bought
I Zhejiang, up to now not goods
I only care about you eat yet? There are no friends to pick you up ah?
Starving
Brother visa on arrival to get it? Go to eat quickly
No, really no longer run after a ground sign, queuing can be ranked dead. So there are express channel, and now can only wait
Too many tour groups may engage in visa on arrival, so long lines.
Bo made it my brother awesome! ! !
Insect Princess
Much milk, you actually groan me! !
Professional fishing brigade
Good evening, long time no see
Good afternoon! I&#39;m sorry! Friends of the late reply! Happy weekend O!
It does not matter, everyone is busy
Changhsintien is feeling abandoned place
Wait, Changhsintien Street? Changhsintien street from Fangshan Line station is not the rice fields near thing.
From both sides are 4.6 km, take the Expo Garden Park more smoothly and better direction to go in the morning traffic jam Zhoukoudian Road
Silly pure and into the men&#39;s room
Countless times
Yes it is
Replace manual mechanization of adverse effects.
This hell speechless. .
If women have sleep, you go? Hand wash is king Okay
The women do not sleep, hand wash waste of time.
Obviously you stew soup dessert, you can get in the way ah.
So no more time to do the laundry Ah hey
Haha, I understand you do not understand the pain speak Minnan dialect of it
Too understanding. Haha
Guangdong to shop?
where. To see it.
Tourism ah
Debut for so many years, there is no greasy feeling! Not contrived, it has been preserved share of the [true]
What greasy that?
He is looking very uncomfortable
Oh!
A lot of people go out and buy side that cursing blanket
- - What is chocolate
Within omelet ham
You agreed to accompany me to see the sea now will realize Well
sorry I forgot
Then forget it, better than Hello, I want to love you
And a small white-haired theme of yesterday hey. Finally, black is still a baby how you go
Black Tainian me to let her cool down
Black will catch up to!
The first time I saw such a fat cat yeah, but also fatter than sister
Cats have only called Matou fatter
Encounter fairies
Your day off duty?
till the end. . . .
Deserve
Sister. Anyway, you have a brother possessor
Your husband pressure ah
As long as you know.
Introduce high handsome Kua tomorrow with you days!
I&#39;ll meet you there are Caesar
Ouch! !
Call it what Hello Title
Children or adults?
child
Yes ah, stalker look particularly ugly, and begged him to give one more chance. He said he did not like me, he has a girlfriend. He said, you can let go. Let go, all of your contacts are deleted. But I still get out ah!
Perhaps you are fit to pay their own
It is possible, only slowly coming
It can also be other ways of
He said the best way to forget a person is carried out under a relationship.
Say is new love and time, but some people can not do
Brother ah! He was born a child can not photograph!
Why,
Specifically I am not sure! It&#39;s all very concerned about this! What say ah!
Punch toot
It should not be &quot;drop ~&quot; it?
It may be different models
And a bosom friend!
Red Sorghum mold team
Special teams!
Recently, I was trouble
No ah!
I just have a very troubled
You agreed to - summer vacation!
Go to the edge of the bubble ah?
= = ~ ~ Not good Lin
the man
Bedroom. . . Where&#39;s the man?
Brother wrong
Fresh lotus
And treasurer as is the food goods.
Each cargo is happy to eat
Mad nod in.
You come back to me
Properly, and you be closer, do not open the school no difference
Anyway, you come back when I was in
These words to the King, and so I
You seem to me a friend
I was a public face .. she was naughty or nice ~
Good beautiful baby girl
Hey I am very happy ~
My bread ~
It is the world&#39;s
Is my
Whirring in the country have to refuel Bang Bang da
On board, right?
Just boarding
Go to sleep now - before feeding may take a short nap
I&#39;ll try
I just want to ask one thing the girls have a reply Online
Too much
10
and then
Then no
you can
Bobo&#39;s face
I did wrong, girlfriend does not forgive me, how do
How to do how to do...
How about you ask me, supposed ah, anxious to catch
I am confused how broken for life
Old came to help you resolve it satisfied Turn of the Screw?
Turn of the Screw will not fall, but suddenly lost the true meaning of life, do not know in the end what should be considered a meaningful life
Since the early child? Haha
Ok
Hair is not long enough
Numerous small tweeted tie
No rubber band children
I&#39;ll get you a box you tie it
You tie me I can consider
OK, ah another day to give you a tie
I always appreciate the kind of drinking wine obediently sleeping person, for me, everything indulgent thing to do is drink.
E.g… …
No one else&#39;s crying ... ...
Not out of line
Ok! I feel very happy weekend!
why
Because no matter
Amount Amount Amount Well nothing can sleep in the same dormitory ah of Hysen very
Fairies certainly had
Alacrity. Love you
The fact na
You are at home? Or in Qingdao?
I&#39;m at home, ah, Qingdao next door neighbor decoration, too noisy, not live
I just took a shower. Overtime last night, and today did not go
I go! That you spent it? All this point, I went straight night shift
Go ah ha ha
Tanabata happy Ha ~ people had a sister. . .
I can go to your old high home before, ha ha ha ha
Great, quickly go, at least that accompany their own side, not cheap people, ha ha
Have you ever handsome, if the students will chase you
is it? Now you can catch me ah I will not refuse
Well OK?
Do you want me to chase you?
Guo is a taste of great rivers and mountains of the motherland, and you are hungry and cold in bed ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
Too miserable to sleep with me quickly erase everything
Or go to the fire-nose
We all slept together for four years
So your body I would have tired
? ? ? ? You slag is a slag! !
You need to do is contact?
Later turned out to be somehow dragged to the system permits the deployment of hotel group
Ok
Ruthless happy day!
Radish delicious right
White radish is not good morning, good evening carrot
The original rabbit will pick radish eat, before we know!
no. . That offal radish tasty enough, good waste
Tasty enough, I listen to hip t say anise taste good weight, and then I explain that products are bottom of the pot, but a turnip I did not eat, because too many choices, forget
Even like stew too soft radish sirloin = v =
You also test it in the fiscal year honors?
I do not I do not listen to hear their
Shangqiu whole I will take you! What would really
love me
Ultra
For high hug kiss
I addition of small pieces of blue T
You have to pay close attention to this wear into
Mmm
Gee ... too nice ring .. next time do not know who you will encounter about ~
Recall Every time you touch me I&#39;m doing! Walk from shopping to eating to drink tea! The next time is not to let me see that thing off your mouth is? !
Met you no longer surprised ...
Advertising stickers, fruit take off, what does this mean ah? Do not know
Decisive Unfollow
So that
Really happy!
We did not do their homework in advance see a loss to be ashamed! Language is the biggest obstacle ah really hammer the wall. .
It looks good language ah profound!
Finally found you ... not easy ah!
Nothing good
Stay up? Powerful, so old fast
Well that time has been asleep
Fish cake, hey
I will cry if I continue,
Tired heart
Shuangliu
Yeah. . Shuangliu. .
Welcome to the Shuangliu County
You are Shuangliu Yeah. .
Okay
That next time out to play. .
you too?
No. .
You can not use a cell phone?
I&#39;m sick to come back last night
what is up! I do not find!
What guy look good
Not handsome ah
Too modest anyway, is my favorite type huh
Looks like I saw Jay&#39;s shadow? ? ? ?
Quiet corner to sit obediently play phone the man is Jay, right? ? For his character. Guess so
I did not say that
Wall not help it suits you
Ah Shashi Hou to Daqing
When did you come to Dalian ah
I do not live objects and Dalian
Wana
This hat is very cute pacifier
... ...? I&#39;m not cute?
Your super cute
affectation. But still love you
You took Rin did not ah?
No, it is intended recently shot
About not about
We have to wait for March, and in recent work
I think we are Jiangsu, Zhejiang area south, now think about or forget it
As I once put Dalian Henan and Hebei are listed as the South
North of Beijing
Express my dog, so I came back ~
Look at this Gouzi delicate features, very good.
Really, it is completely not afraid of life, born people like.
Born to give people like! ! Wow! ! Good like a good love!
Sister went to play. .
I have always been Paipai Pai
Shoot the basketball. .
necessary
Hit the lights. .
What ?
Like your desk
That things have six or seven years
I give you a shot! Hair circle of friends! Let him see you giving names to praise him!
Whoops. . This is more embarrassed. . . I have not had anyone do such a boast. . . And do you think he will be happy equal scolded his family ah. . . .
It has not been named yet it was pondering
Anyway, I will not change me happy. . . .
If I go to Hangzhou to play you find out you do not come out
Chant to call me 15957197240
Time to contact you
About what time
For claw
Shaa
You&#39;re not looking for male friends pots Well, I Baoge Ming is not enough ah
Hey line chant
CD all okay. . . Clean Gesha ah
For ah ah finishing, as well as cabinet to move in
You&#39;re going to move ah
I was at home ah
You put up beard cattle
When I eat a few years old altar sauerkraut! There pickles
Waiting, waiting
Couple the lower right marks
You see who are the lovers
That is not because you&#39;re single
Eat a good face
Noodle shop to go from
Recently played late, daily sleep, get up in the morning
Envy of late
Xiao Ke teacher busy
Why everyone calls me Ke teacher, I always feel like trance surnamed Ke
Xiao Ke teacher looked very cute
Is inexplicable declared you
Hee hee. Bobo
Always with a small twist vintage European and American street shooting not suffer side ... ...
We two had almost
We two good complementary
Thank Goddess concern slowly digested emotions
Dear attention to safety
Ha ha ha just read even it will
I did not see it
Must study a long time to understand that keeping the pace set
Ye study ah?
Also I want to experience the next sitting in a luxury car feel inside Shangchunbeiqiu
That does not mean layer
Now with
So many cars
Hit on five, the other is passing
Where are you one ah
white
Citroen, before and after the attack
Yes it is. . . Not open the trunk
Fortunately, people right
Weizhou now suggest that you take advantage of the development is not particularly special excessive time to time.
I went to 2013, when the development did not how, all rural housing
Because we are not living Weizhou, and have developed out ... ...
The results now developed yet
Tourism farmhouse, why should develop? ? ?
Too virtuous wife chatter!
Oh well shy
After graduation wife sought-after super sure you shop
There was a time really have thought about but feel there is still a long way from the current level is not enough
Haha slowly will certainly be better and better! ! Anyway, I&#39;m sure you support your
Mmm! it is good! I will not let you down! !
congratulations
Alas, afraid of short-lived ..
At least I envy me very envious
You are unprepared to feed my dog food?
No, no you do not, after all, a little mental preparation Tanabata
Oh Hang your brother a little too much, let me warn you about Kazakhstan
This is the rhythm of this is to lose weight? Consequently does not work, pipe shut stride leg and most effective
Already took a tube, after three consecutive evening after 6:00 without eating, while also jump rope every day
This requires a long process, to adhere to ah
God bless
Beautiful picture they want it
Ok
Lovely dead
Cute now
Now look at the performance of the
Wireless next Mingjiao Wei
Hello fellow ~
Should not be, oil How are you
Poof Haha
I would like to seriously ask a very serious question: pots female friends for dinner just to say, I bought a copy of Mala how she says she does not eat sleepy? Very angry!
You look what? You did not get angry girlfriend yet.
My female friends basin may be good-natured, not rare angry?
Eat dog food
Southland quick look at the beast!
I understand your pain, we have opened three o&#39;clock awake
I recently night Compare excitement really painful
Jenny&#39;s sweet ah can laugh
And Kiki are soft, like oh sister
Kiki was not too soft sister
Looks kind can be considered soft Oh!
Fat, go to bed early
You did not add to a capital I like
So, you are not fond of Song Dong wild Tomb notes A
Raising a kitten
The future is a big cat, ha ha
Haha thought
Where is the happy
You buy the Alps
Bring it
Results came out? Wenwen examination of how to
Cool
Nothing, fearless, the next test, Yuezhanyueyong
Why bully me Zhiquan? Zhiquan want to point how the lights, his broken house lighting can not see what?
Then you chant to buy a LED light board
Car headlights removed
Willfulness is so beautiful
It finished
How could there be on what the event is not afraid talent
No talent
Really feel the first time I wasted 666 from love to hate a
+ 1, he and Hertz, really take a place
You do not say to whom these two bad position
Mrs A is not a fake person
Getting back high
High gradually accent gray hair
Good night my big Yu Yu
Next, I want to collect pure black shine
You can not win me
Because I&#39;m too good smell pure p
Ha ha ha you are most kind-hearted friends
Tao Tao confession
handsome
Do not the handsome
Lovely to hold
Do not just see cute. Cats tired.
Well you know ah raising a baby
Jay married, you should be happy.
I am also 21 years old, the gap ah
You do not fit, you too high.
6 What you Suizhou words hot, come on
Please kidnapper rice it? Please come
Come, come, please please please
come on! Come on
Good heart-warming
It is to warm you
Not always say to lose weight with it?
Amount, and occasionally eat a food, it does not matter, and all the underground Oh supplies
The same food goods. . . know
You are to lose weight or slightly plastic surgery? What seems very thin good recipe?
And weight loss and plastic surgery, almost ugly severely, it could not fail failed.
Hello money, get plastic surgery; hello have time to lose weight
Changes are so big? There are people who believe plastic surgery
Kidding
Rhyme? I remember the morning than it is today, ah, no matter who, with the blessing
Not to rhyme
I vaguely remember only a few No. 10, a few months to forget
neither
~ Fart laugh with me to class
wrong! There are regular meetings
~ I do not have regular meetings
Drink it
I eat garlic in Shandong this is not
Miss you, miss your smile
There are no girls think I miss my laugh ah?
Welcome to the Zhejiang Aung
Such as giving birth, when the baby can travel must go together
Now pregnant?
Two weeks before the expected date of birth, which is why every time I come and we will go get me a break di sake
Tile good few weeks ago called meow sister not to come, so ... useless ... Watt gave up reminders meow sister to rest
Your critic is entirely my point. And many people say does not look good, sucks, I really can not understand their IQ
Basically in the cinema, chattering all did not see to understand. My second brush, encounter a couple also see those movies when to stop
Yesterday, I also encountered a couple. . Hao Fan. . Scattered field can not say it, not at all pay attention to the quality of public
Good clever good clever,
Haha
All their own feed or give as gifts.
Give it away
Drink a few days to go
Please move to child chat I want to sleep
Go to sleep I woke up call
It was a black silk control
It is not expensive to buy socks?
Love supreme.
+ 1, but I&#39;m impatient, I do not, so do not spend any money
I first saw the original, I gradually catch up to tangle
I&#39;m just fine, the second card in a few hundred and off, are seven Regardless of eight aunt playing.
Family Story
grapefruit? ? Eat?
It is to eat that!
Fruit can grow it?
Pot is too small, it can not estimate
Why not flowers?
Eat grapefruit seed remaining, I did not mean to buy
It has also become? ? ? I would still plant.
Very simple, there are online tutorials, basically in pouring water into it
Great nephew is a talent ah!
Who great nephew?
Le is seeking far ah ... ... ... ...
There are many translation software
But not as good as people ah,
In short better than not
Love dearly
Your support will still support you, three squirrels and staff would not be a stand. He did not represent the three squirrels, which we also know that we want nothing more than to explain apology, we can not require everyone to like them, but at least be able to get along in the partnership. Now that everything is clear, on secure in sleep, we all understand. I wish you sweet dreams, and I would like to work at night
what&#39;s wrong
It is to have a staff member posted a circle of friends have said the black vote in food advertising. . .
Table to bully newcomers, Meme da hemp mean ah?
Chinese community fire signal
What is the meaning?
What do you mean? !
You are spoilers I guess what kept police murderer
Well guess? Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
I guess most men began to feel a woman and later and later find it very strange
I thought it was the beginning of the woman doctor.
Happy Tanabata ah-US baby
Happiness is very simple - as long as there is a steady stream of money
Bill is really my source of happiness ha ha ha
Right, today I love money, money does not love me tomorrow
Ha ha ha which money always love you
Yes, money has always loved us
Today, the 373 test caps look good
197 is also nice to try you
But also to let live
Try to get you to buy was not any thing ~
Qiuku pretty flower acridine boy
Asked buying
buy. . . You do not send personally, can not see the guy! ! not good
Personal affirmation personally
Riding that more can not lah
Sleepy, make up a sleep revisit
Student stress-free party
I love Xiaobing
Sigh, I do not know
Biao it a little
Biao word has such widespread use of the?
Uh uh uh uh, I slept
Er er er?
Lovely lovely, did not sell ah?
Asked which one third want for nothing in the
Possessor own chant, how wonderful
For more and more fun
What I do not work for ah
Then you chant Knut force, to try to change jobs
You must change
You change I change
Well, oh listen to the message
I looked at what time he wore MB, other than true
Casually say I did not expect to be like the popular do not know will not be harmonious
Ha ha ha ha, wait and see strategy
Good nervous my family&#39;s golden retriever big bones are afraid to eat to feed a sense of what he would pull out but also what led to her big diarrhea was more than eight months
I should not have to feed
Thank you for informing
Wish you fat fat ~ ~
This two days, this place, I eat three meals! ! ! The next time you have a chance to Changsha, I invite you to eat acridine!
Good good ~ ~
Like this song, what version are so affectionate nice.
It is the last night, I have been listening to has been listening. .
Mood to listen to songs, a song makes you suddenly think of had this moment of time. As walking in the street corner, he heard a familiar voice reminds you of memories of the past bit by bit, there are warm, but also heartache. I would like every song will remind you of all the things touched by happy people.
Grapefruit, the lyrics a little mood slightly.
Over there, the beans you listen Well. Miss Philippines did sing it. And Cantonese, like up immediately.
~ ~ Listen to good
Blessings ~ beans home to catch the feet Zeyang? !
heat! It&#39;s hot! Invincible super hot! ! ! ! I miss the temperature in Chengdu! ! !
sister! ! ! Yesterday dust get married!
= = Who is dust. . . . .
That UW
These Northeast menfolk really OK, playing a woman playing so greedily, afraid of outsiders material did not criticize us do the Northeast, desperately children get points, you really have
You can say that playing a woman is rubbish, but we can not say that the Northeast Za Za it, you still own the Northeast said this is never too shame ah?
Northeast Bangbang Bang Bang Bangbang how about?
Well than a month to come back! ? Wood has also come to my house to eat it good fuel in Chengdu! ! Chengdu must have the opportunity to find you, oh
I want to come back to come back Ha ha ha ~ ~ also spent a month in Australia resignation what we still have time to wow ~ ~ ~ I look at later in Chengdu free food and drink package ~
Wow! so good! Come back to eat a certain Ha
That must be the wow ~ I&#39;m waiting for you in Chengdu ah ~
I knew the outcome would have been hoping for, do not know each other meet
Did not knew, I still would have met
Meet is the edge, missed a part!
How are you so sad ah
Sad not for me, not for me sad, I reported accountant, and provincial, is not it high grade
I was honest child in the sea grind son is not here right away you ah typhoon
You do not learn to run oysters that thing go
I can not read books at home very depressed
So you are not fast birthday
Ha ha ha ha to
The third floor has requested to reply with equal treatment
Stop dreaming
Obscurantism has been a long time, people tend to eat this one.
And I have not the guts to stand up and refute
The little things they understand just fine
A little girl to go home with you.
You glance up, I feel bad
I just feel less of what
He opened his eyes to find himself in a dark jungle
It is a dream, right
Nightmare
It can be a nightmare okay? Saying for a long time did not dream
You&#39;re not what party 11:00
Accidentally insomnia to talk chat Life
Then you continue I go to bed
Having fallen asleep ha ha ha ha
Friends of the basin quickly find a man ah!
amount! No quick fix, consider renting a holiday too! Haha!
This can have! Haha. .
Good idea, right! What kind of want to rent all right!
Really good ah!
It finished just under the rain yesterday, my friends home tomorrow fat
Ah why home
I do not miss the
Future wife is a Luchi, now did not find you.
I was Luchi. . . No wonder take the fork. . .
Fortunately, the Earth is round the twists and turns of fate will find the hiding place
Let me go around the world wear out iron shoes to accompany her some extraordinary night
Chinatown like the song lyrics are very touching feeling very resonance
Well I also like ~
Today letter to the future wife wrote it I can not wait oh
Write Well
But also from an arranged marriage and the teacher can not
Haha, the past is not easily isolated - even if not torture each other but also happiness
Relative to see two boring
so horrible
We now want peace
How peace?
Friends
Okay, friends welcome
Finally see the panda, congratulations
Ha ha Fortunately, the general happiness is very happy to see the zebras
Poof you like zebra?
Yes ah a child, watching the animal world is like you get home and be proud of it
Arrived
Totoro where ... ... ...?
Just behind that big eyes that there are only captured the
Wearing a hat accident Meng
Meng goods a
Shou live
After reading a good spot to go
want to go!
M rabbit! Nanjing Nanjing
So high so handsome, so that others wanted to take my son
But alas I was dumped
Do not feel bad, it will get better.
Huh thank you
Pro, they are good for a year before you see it
What Really ah
Yup…
Then go all the way, homesickness is normal -
I want to eat roast goose
Eat picture, anyway map has been taken away
It is to eat roast goose
Find Shabaoshamao
Today, Thanksgiving, eat roast goose
Days chatter, so thin it! Dear
I was a fat man just jumped thin oh
It should be a vibrant fishes
A few days back, where are you going ah
A few days had to come back home to Changsha
Now do you work in Changsha
No, currently still playing
You should work, right at home
Oh no
Wow, I want to faint in the end is how ah
Haha
Accompany you to talk, chat to accompany you, accompany you going on nibbling
What a lot of people at work
Congratulations, good overall drop in the back thing.
Liu Shuo passive water-cooled water then seal the bag, put the phone up
Plastic bags broken phone is not cool
Plastic bags broke, I feel your crotch relatively cool
I love you
You is not seen it before
See you, back to the dormitory.
Now the fat cats must be very busy! ! Do not write a paper boy cute!
I want to see the documentary ah fast blind quiz tomorrow ah
Ok! You enjoy the movie!
We are very happy thing??
Look at your picture and name is the name I guess will sell Meng old man lie on the Internet? Ha ha ha
You really touching quality, fast shut up your le
Do not get out of jealousy out of the house all day in someone else&#39;s home world is beautiful
Object of the sun
Well, not oh?
Well, I sprinkle a dog food
Jiusajiusa
Why Poor baby photo
Yulin next week may also, on a photo, and certainly did not he handsome uncle
Ha ha ha young man with his uncle as good friends Congratulations
Although round is very cute, but not my son, ha ha ha ha ha
But I&#39;m talking about Kaikai ah! ! ! ! You see the most Hou Kaikai face ~
I also do ha ha ha ha! ! ! Ha ha ha I look at the work I did not point to open
When will you come back
Your little one may be late tonight ... a friend came ... ...
That Zezheng ah
Or tomorrow night
Administered by men of God IQ worrying ah
I seem to have exposed what?
I have come next semester administered by the BCCI ... ...
BCCI is not the next semester BCCI become International Trade. . . I am the World Trade Center
I am very honored and administered by a professional of the gods
The name of this story can not play for the poor man must have hated the place
Gains will lose, I feel a lot of things are doomed
Yes, your meaning is more appropriate
There are all kinds of food to eat every day, and not fat, but also so beautiful, winner in life ah
You have not seen me, I have to explode
Ha ha ha, so I went to take me to eat good food, then sent nasty
Go ahead mad nasty
Bring me shopping in Nanning
It is not suitable for the elderly run around
People did not get married is still small
Then do not get married
Single no problem you must add a dog
Ha ha ha ha happy ah
May I ask where you are inspired by
The first day, I stood on the sidelines Athletics. Suddenly found his name has this dark secret.
, It appears that you are born a god,,,
What are you waiting for Prince Charming?
No. I have diarrhea
I thought I was Snow White to eat a poison apple plot
Why? She wants to take care of your life, but also give birth to a child, you say what? What did you bring my sister-million luxury car to your sister for the first time ah
Women students are not their own children?
I did not say is not ah
Love your bag
Buy a bar ... ... when the clutch is also nice with coats
Haha. So go back and send money
Not to go home
Years back
Ah slightly in the New Year abroad alone?
Yeah a lot of people just leave home
Take care of yourself oh fun
Attachment is doing the others do not, silly lack is doing some others do not want to do. And I was stupid in the persistent lack of
Rare silly something missing, in fact, you really like you say so quite good. but. . . I mean, in fact, perseverance is a verb, and an adjective stupid lack of it.
Contact us play with ah
No, no, I&#39;m kidding. . Really I think you explained too in place. I&#39;m just speechless.
Haha I like my whole memory space in the photo, and I think next time have to buy a 128g
Right, too much memory photo
Yes last reluctantly deleted more than 900 sheets
Yo! To Shanghai, ah! when are we leaving? See the side ah
Leaving tomorrow, ah, are you?
Of course I have been in Shanghai ah tell me about your
Wrong wrong, next time around.
Dragon Dragon t t look at me ha ha ha ha
Forwarding appointment
I was number 824
I saw a single SF
It was a ring of freight ~
Disgrace
Haha, above all in English -
Just pass quite agile,
I do not understand, no matter
is it nice,
Wait! Sunset, this is a paradox, you killed your grandmother, how could you have?
Your question is very good, but I do not kill a child my grandmother ah.
That&#39;s what time? To react, this place has two paradox, indeed Sunset Sunset ah!
Seeking sister paper introduces the right. . .
Sister in this subject. 10086 missing sister can play all artificial sister
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha Hage you come
Cried the day the storm with four couples and your meal times it
Your gang a good mix! barley! barley!
Oh, thank you
polite!
People fat people face good-looking How about you? ? ?
First, get fat fine
Nothing wrong!
Come hug me
Give you a big hug!
Love you hee hee
Ge Fei sister good night
A lot of old friends not seen it, you may have to go to class
Yes ah, the most important learning
Oh, it would leave us stick, stick to it
Amway strong &quot;Red Sea action&quot;! ! ! !
Wolf almost feel than two
Same feeling
Set to issue such plans can not Zeyang ah I really do not watermark
Computer settings can ah.
Oh oh I said I could not do the whole cell phone
Face big
You do as you have big, but you happy enough
Haha, big brother born face, blessed
So I say good luck
Ah, love to laugh, big face, luck, good fortune will not be less! Haha!
Your house cat whelp?
My home just how male cat whelp home today when found by the roadside
Possessor of what you want
I can not support a second only. . . Found in the street, I could not bear to leave it. . . You want to keep it
You first raised a few days, and so my family came to give me
You can go home. . .
Dragon Boat Festival, do not leave
That can go home ah ~
Annual fee members can
Why is my annual membership fee may not edit?
Are you sure you will not do
Are you ready to leave yet? This is how it intends winter?
This winter, plan to stay local knowledge review of the first semester, the second semester in advance to learn the knowledge, practice English, social activities, clothes, etc., etc., How about you? Tall and you have any plans for a stable bridge?
I&#39;m going to stretch 13 in the fall of graduate students, so this winter should be ready to apply - parents of the bridge in January to come here, we go to Hawaii for a visit - you take advantage of the holidays it traveled through Europe, more than pull Ah ~
You actually did not stay up all night I refused to accept
I&#39;ll go out with friends about the play, boil what night
excuse me
Really do not think an actor is a drama set down each one has her place suspend all ugly, gut treasure did it! Will the intestinal treasure what Cheats, an expression can be used to deduce the heroine is so pure, pleasant, Empress Dowager!
baby
Left roar. Dear. You also ah.
In ah
Dear! Avatar awesome! So beautiful
That is our intestinal aunt is playing Meinv, your good too good mold ah
In the end how the game&#39;s going on at this line, let us go offline stores, the store staff knew nothing about the event but then, really drunk
Have you been to offline stores yet?
I have been to, said they do not know about it
Then this game is there or not, then how to do Oh?
Shandong people know
Magic songs, rooted in the mind
Childhood memories
Call back, the phone can retreat, where they are called sister seconds back
Mmm I try
good luck!
This life is not easy to lose weight, why make life difficult for yourself. Salute those who lose weight do not rebound, the envy of those who do not how to eat fat, jealous of those who have always clamored to be fattening.
Kaka life! One kind of plum. It is said that quite workable
I am more interested in sports.
This is not naive cold
You go out yet ... you do not say very cool
Okay, not too cold today, although I did not get up today
The first episode is really distressed that five undercover
Ha ha ha you think may be important are likely to die at any time
I just see the third episode
Slowly keep looking to see haha
buffet! ! It still hurt
Impatient up ah
Go when the white Formica class makeup of up
Korean cosmetic go ah
To point eyeliner
I see this message heart hurts and so you&#39;re dead and I&#39;m alone
How far away point climb climb far
I love Hello this is bad
100,000 to my dad to let him rest a few days off store
Why do not you give me 100,000
This is were you caught
Really! ! This hat super pick one! !
Ha ha ha ha accidentally put on a very wretched
Yes
After the inevitable Yeah, or to re-write first coated with a highlighter or pen to write for a long time and some will spend less ~
I see a good thank you ah
You&#39;re welcome da ~ you can try more than other pens Oh, this also has a relationship with pen and ink, I feel some of the pen will not be how to spend (I mean not a highlighter pen to write,
Ok
You should catch up to Jiuxia Lai told her hey your pearls
I have the sun back to his mouth do
Then you may never come back
Really the spring
Yes, ah ah, that feels so good spring mosquito bites
And you have a cold
I have a cold you happy yet
Ha ha ha ha happy I just cold but my roommate infected
Ask, if the dog died ten days, ten days we supposed to observe the owner?
After bitten are sure to hit the dog did not die may consider not fight back
definitely. Who have time to observe a few days?
Early morning! ! !
Qidi! Meme great! !
I Mahone early! ! Big Meme! !
Qidi! Respond to someone calling me to turn on the water
I almost got up at seven sleep a little super-good spirit
Ha ha ha, I&#39;m leaving to go to the gym, you eat yet? At this point it should be called Afternoon Tea
I was ready to do that you do not eat before you go to the gym
Amount, why should gain weight ah
Ha ha ha joke joke mainly ease the tense mood
Ha ha
waste money! shameful
I found that really do not understand the child did not have thirty fully accessible, but there is still such a thing intermission
I never go to the cinema French - Italian movie ticket is not cheap
Pro, ah formats, plus format can delete the re-issue about it, do not forget happy to move precisely oh
To add water paste format or else count down to read
Decal is based on interactive and calculating it ...
Gee sister also good read
Painted face little giant of our bedroom
And looks super feeling of
I want to know what are you doing up
Sell gluten ah!
where
Lijiang
Face also ultra-small
Super like her
me too! Always very sleepy eyes are inexplicably good-looking
What are you doing it
Sleeping position does not
I&#39;m not sleepy at your brain make it? He went to sleep
I&#39;m tired but I&#39;m also looking for my girlfriend ah
Not dipped in sugar with salt dipped in soy sauce how to eat
You really did not kidding
No ah
Let me taking it every you expose IQ yet
IQ? I have had it
I then ran a happy birthday baby
miss you
I miss you too
You lonely old yet
Old lonely old lonely myself
Come on. I&#39;ll come back to you
King cover ground tiger
Hello how fast haha
Constantly refresh
Haha, me too
Do about ice powder
Is not It Cold
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha generally cold is generally cold
Vest particularly cold
You did not receive ah pro ~ all days.
No one call or send a message to me ah pro ~ ~ ~ ~
That wait, do not expect too much oh pro ~ I&#39;m pragmatic
Why do you like to eat eggplant.
I later found are bought eggplant
What delicious eggplant
it is tasty
You are Yantai man?
no
Hair color eye-catching
Dye 6 hours
I am also curious as to why only painted nails pointy. Good awkward
Behind the phone can not understand these negative comments people how dark heart
I can not understand, girls just want to have a person like to be together with the object. Her boyfriend so snow days duty, looking distressed sure.
From this perspective, a girlfriend to put up with the traffic police blizzard heart is definitely more distressed, they will feel that they work to make limited girlfriend suffer, so do you still want to do the work, support is at heart really, ah, but also to accompany OK, ah, but it is suffering and danger in crossing the snow weather, I feel inappropriate
Swollen how the United States
Trapped it! good night
Good night Meme da
How much praise
Do not make ah
I let my classmates praise praise ~
What people love it?
Jiang Bobo ah
shy
Quite like the city of Nanjing
My dad in Nanjing, go to
Where are you going
Kaoshangnana
Your son is too good showing at home, I would now like Ait my son and let him see his son someone&#39;s home
Probably because I do not abandon my son not to give up
Try and try again!
Who mediated a fleshy face was shot but still the United States
After the real unpretentious took his blind date
Yes!
Waiting for someone yo!
You Come! We went renters
Mom agreed to come out to live it?
No! Besides live
happy Birthday
Thank you ~ ~ I have not seen you up ...
So you hurt the good
Already working?
The official debut
Ha ha ha ha ha ha do not trouble trouble
After 90 E flowers formal debut, the global aerospace welcome the General Assembly&#39;s first show!
See my wife and children trapped in the United States
This is a beautiful small balls fatter than his brother Mel
Let the balls go to sleep, you hold me shoot
T start listening to confuse my focus is on time
Fiber cloud get clever, meteor mass hate, silverside span of darkness. Jinfeng Yu Lu a meet, they won numerous world. Gentle enough, wedding day a dream, forbearance care Magpie Bridge return! A long long time if the two conditions, a blessing in the day and night
Good literary talent!
There is really very literary talent
Props teeth with a much longer hair, like hey pain and happiness later It does not hurt anymore
I&#39;ll have to pull two
To thin thin
Wind ants can get it
Why not
There are your words I can rest assured
$ 20 Take me to dinner
Not?
Not like that
You should now be focused on in! dry! ! Well! ! !
Well, do not give yourself excuses invisible
Lin update your handsome tonight!
Weak weak to ask where and what activities?
Lynx double eleven party
Seniors before racing driver ah?
Racer mean speed of the first safety car before the second
Oh ~
Baby child bon voyage, I will miss you
Oh La
What time do you fly
I am a new friend ~ ~ ~ ~ ~
Yes it is! Haha, after Ying sister of activities I participate in a lot of ha ha
Haha, I did not participate
Have the opportunity to participate ha ha
Blessings
Love you, my little baby. I would also like Angie with a small birch Betula
About summer vacation
Yeah
Small feet that look good in anything
That is not small, this pair of shoes is 40. My fat feet, wear shoes in Rome must be big yards, usually 37--38 sent good
what? I already 39 yards feet would not fit into the ~ Hey ~
Wuxi than two weeks under the rain?
Ha ha ha ha ha, northerners expressed a desire to die
Will survive the winter
I was a child did not eat McDonald&#39;s. . . .
I was a child rarely eat
Do you think this sentence someone will believe it
We still have to go home at night ah ass
Want to sleep today to give the boss said something to think. .
Say what things so painful?
There will not write a report. . And two days before no time to write. . I do not know Zhashui
Two days before playing it too Hey
Just came back two days ago also wrote a report. . The main weekend days can not write ah! But also back home but also of doing. .
Difficult to see their own, sublimate their own, which I respect more than last semester test
Also sublimation! My poor physical well
Myself to remind myself slightly, simple
Chansi baby
Xi&#39;an eat do not feel good in fact, is not suitable for my taste
Comforting me. Eat good food go to Chongqing
Right right, swift to Tianjin Tianjin dish is especially good feeling!
55555555 I want to quit staple food, then play this prevention
The rice grains into noodles, and then try it in conjunction with potato, so that fullness hungry, refuse taste, but not fat.
Thank you, old iron! But I tried the potato as a staple, finally mashed potatoes accompanied by spicy beef, but did not hold back to eat two bowls of rice! ! !
Whole grains or potatoes as a staple food such slow carbon is better, it is not easy to gain weight, not hungry
I think you must learn to learn the language, or several times the original look
Read ah .... are you sure you read the last one yet?
Finally, a mean you understand it? &quot;I respect people who are not married, but no reason to yell all day long marriage is not incompetent,&quot; Is not this mean?
Wow? Brother up so early?
The fans are not sleeping at night
That you&#39;re not tired? But also to prepare a good rest of the body show ... ... ... ... ... ... do not like me
Little White Dragon Bang Bang You take care of the body. Do not thin.
you too
Hey. . .
I just bought, sweeping the two-dimensional code, sent me 8 vouchers, the following were the words, &quot;shouted honey snow Bard Happy Birthday to the clerk,&quot; can be repeatedly used five ... ... the results of that guy in front I said: &quot;What do you call ah&quot; ~ ~ ~ I ... ...
Vouchers are a thing?
correct
You hear stories of encounters and slightly north
I do not want to say!
Cut, I do not want to hear it!
You both quickly break off it!
happy Birthday
I thank you a ha ha ha Art Ting
Kiss
You should be telling them to sit in the middle
Ha ha ha ha very practical is the foot of the bed do not know Zenong hold
Head to cover his head frozen, or the Internet to set foot frozen feet
Zhangye has cold feet when it&#39;s frozen head
There, Heating bad times
I can not remember how many times has experienced drunk, can not remember how many times a dream, can not remember how many times to wake up from the dream, can not remember because I wanted you had how many sleepless nights, but can not remember the dream wake up how many times the tears flow, how can I forget her start a new life
Resume a relationship
I also thought
getting married?
He has been married for 15 years
so fast
VSC is more to stay in was quick
Today, sister to wear what
Sweater, denim jacket, leggings. Our big wind ah
My God, I have so wearing today
Thank me in what way!
Verbal thank you from
Too bad you hate
The amount was discovered - - looking for a few songs to listen to most of the night with nothing to do
Do not listen to Cantonese song ha ~
Generally do not listen
You&#39;re looking for a song is Jay&#39;s only right ...
There is not ah Mayday - -,,, such as Star
You&#39;re up early there, how cold you are
You&#39;re looking for hate
Why are you so gentle to others
Because you can not speak the most
I&#39;m so sad you straight up so early to take pictures pretty
Through time and space to make every effort miracle will occur
Smiling face of danger
A dream come true is not far away?
Courage firm forward
Miracles will appear
You also Chongqing Shapingba I met a fellow
Ha ha ha ha ha I Jiangbei
We ape dung off the cross bar
Ha ha ha ha ha good
You are the envy of jealous hate it!
Okay okay if someone gave me a SR I guess not envy jealousy hate it ~ ~
The original is the envy of jealous hate this, poof
Take care of yourself sleep well to pay attention to diet
Now time to eat every day! Is the last night of insomnia, not too long tried to sleep ...
I was always waking up early to collapse!
Well go to bed early!
Count early ah
Hey ... a woman stay up late too hurt ...
Well I watched night White Night Murders
I&#39;ve been watching it pretty
Super nice!
Thieves like to see the curse week tour
There is no God on earth
Then you have to survive the conditions of life: sun, air, water came from it?
Sunlight from the sun, air and water come from inside the Earth, and now breathable air through a Modified Organisms. You can be satisfied?
That is where the sun does, the Earth, biological and how come it
Hug
Mody Mody clatter, I have thought
Silly boy to be happy ah
Mmm
Penguins do not want you, you sad it
Even I will be sad. You will be sad to leave even
I can not be with you, ah, ah I am a man, unless you give me a long body is not old
Will drop will drop I have been
You lie technology really low ah
Injured in weak
Q Do you know what people plate
do not know...
Calls out you can call me out! No, do not call can be! !
Uncle! Your ears is not right!
This is not good! ! You have great ideas, follow me bite it!
This is how hot pepper in the end. . .
Wake up not spicy
That is not bad
Know how long
Almost 10
Oh for a long time
Mmm
Tooth extraction, pulling the finish will never Seya
Old Yvonne, my teeth would have been bad
Long pain as short-term pain
Under the snow so deep! !
The mayor also like to hear?
Okay, Sun Bigfoot
Ha ha ha which went on to play
Play at home
… …
You were a good drop, go out today what medicine?
Yo Yo check it out
Fruit pancake block your mouth
Okay to add a sausage
The Breakup Guru
Big wet
Said that in the end grain of what
Money ah
Money how you eat
Roar ah
Tired heart will be thin
I do not believe
So you do not thin
Since the station car feel so bad why stop?
In addition to living happy, tired as well, but no matter which state should make money!
You can find a fun way to make money
Leo sister is really good class!
Ha ha ha. . Do you believe?
I do not believe, and have believed that, ha ha
This. . . do not do that. . Your first instinct is right. Do not turn. .
I believe in 10 years, I do not believe you
Smart ~
Hello nearly ah
In midfield when he shot a lot of people go
Er er, I also saw, I was not far from where you
Just saw your photo camera there, hey ... ... look Shu Shu Shuai various work
Which Zhang? Guiqiu!
Who told you I do not give a chance encounter
Haha!
Anyway, I&#39;ve just come back shopping fat dead also gave up treatment
Buy anything good?
Do not tell you -
I&#39;m going to hook up the 15 school brother
Refuel
That said, I
I wind and rain outside
Why do not hurry to shelter
No place to shelter shower umbrella all the way home
Summer vacation back to ask me to eat sea fishing
This time I could not yet win the game
Sincerely wish you
Thank you for the blessings given to eat sea fishing
Melon ah! This is my super favorite song ah! Melon awesome thanks flop [pretending to be automatically turned guess I like
Ha ha ha read your heart
You are my heart of melon
Even then those players anxious, can not talk like that, ah, do not believe molten smelt, do not come ah, Zai Zai considered as one with the others, and most will think of their own, the Cubs for the first time as a mentor has been great, I believe he will get better and better
Molten smelt to the first selection so some lack of experience, and because he will take into account the soft-hearted empathy, so that he became a little person inside and outside is not the way. Like many pig participate in the talent show so we know how to divide how to choose how to arrange
Fully endorses, that&#39;s it, he was more distressed
The boy dreaming of it
It was only dreaming ... ...
nonsense
Continue daze
Peng stupid zombies coming crisis
Well, first Monday ~ ~ ~ ~ ~
I hate you
Cry cry, next time bring you
You got me some hope, just as the
Lights, lamp light, etc.
This is Intel?
Oh yes
what are you doing? !
Apply mask…
... ... ... ... you sure you&#39;re not practicing calligraphy?
Happiness dead
Oh, blushed friends ~
You do not find Xing I play every day and he mixed
Next time you call, be sure to tell you Ha, poor you always fire Oh, ha ha
Sichuan brother so grumpy Well
The bedroom fallen too
I also have a bedroom bedroom playing games do not go to class, but fortunately not very bothered
IQIYI have
I am also prepared to copy the good hee hee
Ha ha ha into a pit
Potatoes, rice like it
Anyway, unlike potatoes, Bai a ~
Too difficult to eat
Skewers wait to come back
Ok! !
Had a go, the impression of sharp turns, ye white belt ah
What do you mean he likes pure color ah ah very good
Ah like yourselves like
To have a man like you I would not be single for awareness
Your boyfriend is not it called NetEase cloud
Not the same as the equivalent together
Sleep over
... ... hot so quickly
No class, I want to Shashi Hou Shashi Hou sleep sleep
You pull hate
This this this ... ... in fact, because the sword three have a new piece of information all the top tier weapons have become weapons, and we all feel that ah ah ah tired, rest a piece of information so it can hold the A ... ...
What time out? It is to open a new copy or a new job?
Open a copy of the new level of difficulty, and also a new copy of the New Chivalry value of what equipment ~
Hello thin
Sister how can you say she lost! ! !
Do not thin
She can not let complacency.
Even leaner wow
There melancholy what, husband
We need to interview!
Next week I went to the mouth of the food market, near you
You will see me wear the clothes look! !
happy
Bobo
Ok? ? ? I was dog replied? ? ? Cried
Owner IQ offline boarding the wrong number of children
Than finished first, a taste of the girl Well
The taste is very persistent how no one came out to deal with it
Because they think everything is normal ah
Ah ah ah ah, the uncle is how you grab ah! ! !
I grabbed the normal version
You cow!
Refuel
Europe, and in the field really feel good ah
definitely. Huanguo Lai just fine
Over there with the old mountain-like, had nothing
Chongqing is the day of the event, did not see the detailed time yet.
4.27. Do not need tickets directly on-site neck
Okay thank you
Your lights out ah?
Ah, Fengyubugai. School with different life ah.
Those points off the network blanket?
12:00 last night we countdown me off network in the New Year countdown.
Let me reassure you, it may be the work not done
Hey I do not know. Sleep.
I have to sleep, good night, the day after tomorrow to see!
The youth is a Cancer
Cancer has to lie down
Close clamp sleep
Almost plunges
Back yet my business
I came back Lynn where have you been
Library ... ... want to read this, starve me
You&#39;re not a real pleasure to give you nephew
Niece
I have taken up my pot
One day the water of + 1 ~ ~ ~ Sen first quarters spot
Mr. spotted cat it is. . .
Very Meng meow!
Ok. .
People are monsters ah monster! !
I do not understand how it
Just want to ask three cameras really useful
Huawei a two-year intake so many people ask
Huawei&#39;s first dual camera phone is which p9
Glory 6
6 double glory seems not taken it
More
But Huawei is not the first to do a double-taken out of the company it
But with a fire Huawei, Huawei is taken so that we see the double advantage, especially in p9
Ah yes Huawei brought up a new trend
A pleasant journey wow!
Happy holiday!
Funny funny!
Pro, playing the name wrong. Nanjing to take her to dinner together wow, introduce, something can come to me
Ah, rest assured, I have to wait long, ha ha
I should add, is that I can find something later siblings
Simple sincere friend less and less ... ...
Ah, I get angry I&#39;m sad
Touch, we have to let myself be powerful
6 sweet girl to fly
I just woke up
It has been moving bricks for two hours.
Really a poor human creature, stupid people feel ridiculous; just vulnerable people feel sad
Good philosophy. . .
Ha ha
Why do you have a small v
What is a small v
Authenticate
Because I am beautiful it
Not fat or fat is a little round
Avatar by cute
Is it right
You&#39;re doing a
I&#39;m sorry I did not do what you do
Anyway, you play these days I&#39;ll feel you&#39;ve changed
I would have changed
Capsize
Fertilizer too tired harm!
See this familiar scene Laoganma deeply gratified!
Sister to go and teach
I just saw your remarks you put Luhan which put up?
I love deep love Luhan
I did not see it gnaw
Ruined
Eggs play it
Sensational it
I was ruined?
How will, the sensational, but with a bit naughty, naughty with a point in the mood
March 1st I have homework ...
Work with than the paper it is not a thing. .
Pay no job no work ...
Necklace already look good, not good-looking shoes, hats and more ugly, the clothes do not look good
You grab my green hat it does not look good? ? ? ? ?
Angang Ang! Back to you, oh!
I just ask you ... ...
Humph! You just want to go back! I wear too!
My brother to get hold of 12 things, and I will raise him up
Installed sister?
With the dress?
Thus walking leg pain such military
Military training is over?
Do not be lazy
I suffer
Please fake it strange cat
A man sorry
Why love with producer now so fire. . Two days ago, and there is no such ah
Like the blond I forget Jiaosha, called Qi Luo? ? ?
Yes, that Qiluo
You may have a new album to listen to it
At present two songs I think are not the same as before
Yes it is. . After all, forty mature man, he began to pull affectionate. Previous song sounds like in combat, the fighting is over now feel the pull, I want to cherish the memory of sad, by the way sweep the battlefield
Pouting
You have to remember that you are fine girl ah Pig
Ok
well
You Come
Ok
I have to I have to lean romance
Downtown theater. . Do you think romance is a good thing ah
Haha. Just kidding
Mercury retrograde coming procrastination ah yo
No, right? Mercury retrograde so fast?
Now enter the shadow of
Why criticize Itsuyoshi?
Everyone has hate for it ... ... I just can not see him ... ... I have nothing against the hostility to you
That is an insult to TVXQ, right?
You do not talk silly point ah can not say that mankind will say ah he is he can not and others on the appraisal phase
Ok. But still gas, however, so how can he curse ah?
Well, we should support him
Eh nothing I supposed to do besides look good
marry me
Too far
You come to me to support you
You can not feed
Ok
Mainly too far or else you can go to play
I pack for you to stay the way I give you pay public grain
What the hell grain tax
Eat so many drugs have been
... The last few laps painful madness DOT
Yes it is
Secretly hidden so much good stuff
Early in the morning? Well, this would not arrived?
at night
Ok. This late
Away from get off work, on this point it
Make friends, next time we can go move 2
Ah, no problem! (But I do not often in Hefei.)
it does not matter
That about it!
Look
Parsley fungus mushrooms and ham have it?
Tired of harm! ! Carrots, cabbage did not mushroom
Well it sounds quite nutritious
right! ! Dietary fiber! Nutrition! !
It is your own doing
I think, yes
Why are you so nice you want to
That unloaded the makeup how to do ha ha ha ha ha ha
Chedan your makeup is also nice, okay
Wow happy moment full of vitality ha ha ha ha ha ha
After Wednesday on the fast
Is it, I hope ah, good storm
Cup of coffee
Coke mutual top right
come
love you
Snack to my house
Your home water tanks were destroyed it?
After you find bad
What fresh taro cents
I do regard the word as the shot down
I guess ah hey
Well less than 30 minutes of the first half was Italy scored two goals just do not want to receive read
Teddy said that the morning listening to the old, fierce miserable old Iori said, the speed, the goalkeeper did not react, Germany Ah, I tender a optimistic about it, hey
Blessings I love Germany so leave
I went so expensive N1
N1 N2 is below 452 should be a little cheaper but it seems they have 400 +
I took the test a Japanese say N6 amount or forget it
There N6? It is not the lowest N5? ? N3 ~ N5 are super simple, a little preparation can be prepared over
May be I am wrong, but oh so hard ah big brother I syllabary back a very long time
I also have a full two months, remember syllabary could be crazy, forget back end, and later just fine, in fact, not difficult early days, if a little test, then it is certainly too ready
A cold? ! Do not take medicine! !
Eat, return peak period is about to begin ... ...
Also insisted on not maintained!
congratulations
This head changed really fast
You find it
Then you see it
Ming Ming sister Are you going to fire me to remember acridine ~ ~ recommend it to everyone
Only put nine on the chart only had nine
Under Ming Ming sister I mean to live when I put ~ behind every snake woman has a successful woman
Long effort should be a very powerful ah!
Or can be, if not installed do not blow it.
The reason is the media hype, I think he was quite modest.
I know others have seen him good,
But next time - a lot of opportunity after the start of the rainy season
Blessings look after the start of the rainy season can not I just have a chance to prepare for the fuselage ha ha ha
Going to change what?
Or you may choose to take the route N D7100 bar
Very good ~
Can not sleep, she lectures in front of me
She stared at me sleep. . She woke up still staring at
.... Then you incredible
Can my sister, this Jiaosha? You can look at the Farewell My Concubine, I feel very good looking
After reading just a few days ago Farewell My Concubine, super good! This love affair called wishful girl, very depressed, look good mood when you look at Kazakhstan
Haha, okay, what do you see, and feel good recommend
You make a few artifacts?
750
Be nice shot
Please do not use rust to cover up the fact that you do not mind, please
Smart is the highest level of the brain seems to have no brain you do not know?
as long as you are happy
Covered his chest 34a of
He said he was very desperate moment of the Internet should not work
I decided not to exercise this would resolve the problem
Ha ha ha ha well done
It&#39;s so kind of you
is acceptable
It is really good! Sincere!
Now like to go to Thailand, he has gone twice, and also to go third
Fun place to go once is enough
Fun place to play is always thinking of repeating it
Then parents promote school. Dr child will have a Ph.D?
Is not Dr. I do not know, but the future will certainly be a high probability that Dr. schools. In this environment children grow up, deterioration may be low.
Never mind that people did not mind
I do not understand how she can be so brain circuits Qing Qi. This is how people of Western Electric straight Bo, really strange.
I&#39;m afraid my own man up
After I covered
Ok, deal
Attached to eat salad for three months, similar to the second part of this little exercise, three months lost 20 pounds
You eat sauce accompanying it
Eat with Vinaigrette, do not eat other sauces.
Cui teacher or days gone wow, tea afraid to sleep at night
Three forts about sleep more fragrant drink
It seems that I am old, Naicha will not sleep
Pay close attention to take you back to the young
Height 100 even if you lost too thin straw as Tuigen
How to say if you&#39;ve seen me
Of course I have seen the
what? When? I do not know how?
Photo inside
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha too solid
I was the smallest finger so much fried fish fishbone card to · · depressing is taken out, then spicy choke out, then it is inflamed throat ·
Understand your pain, Oh, I am a big thorn, I could not pull, stretched it wanted to go evil, sad yo ·
Just like you card is relatively deep, forceps go in vomiting, no way folders are now out of the Well? The doctor said the ENT clinic to the hospital for me, you can clip out.
I found this summer, pretty cool eh, did not imagine so hot, but let&#39;s tan ·
Yes, I wear shorts, sun Cana · air conditioning very happy at home -
There are out to play it?
Today we went to Ao ~
Then how to run it?
Ah ah ah ah ah refills
Is not it a bit awkward ah
You can hand a little halo of light,
Ha ha ha, like this is very positive color
No. ysl1 also very true
Yeah I like dragons. I only like-month group in the 1990s, and now do not like.
? What
Just like the 1990s-month group, I feel that the group does not have the characteristics of the month, does not look good.
Brother, only a few months ah? Was four or five months to be revealed, does she four, five months?
Etc. I&#39;m so anxious
Ha ha ha, anxious
2018 do not want a floating wave
That this year going
To get bitter but also sweet too sweet
I was about to say that I am ready to go to Shanghai to play, yet wear shorts almost to the letter
I went to No. 8, was worrying about the temperature does not know how to wear clothes, wearing short-sleeved dress look there, my ignorant
I was originally going to go to the 8th weekend, think too many people gave up
Fat and the fat of the difference between you
I was fat and fat that is
No, no, antonyms antonyms, in my mind, what are you looking
Oh, here is the ex-wife of adults -
Q blessing blessing to see you pass the soap flakes
Thank you very happy thing Linger
I&#39;m okay you have you are the happiest person in the matter, really happy for you from the heart ah
I often slept in the station every time the driver uncle told me
You wake up really good. . He was really good. .
That is not good, ferocious, all with a roar called me because he can not, the terminus of the
The first day was breaking up ... ...
It is breaking up?
It is not broke
Where are
bad mood
what&#39;s happenin
This is a concern from unknown users do
indeed. . Then you accept it
Late sleep fast tomorrow is another beautiful day
Hopefully. . I have a continuous sleep for a week
Votes in what position?
Eight districts in four rows 21
Prior seems to have seen similar position cheated
Right, I do not want this kind of thing happen again we are careful
You carefully look at the number of people you care about
Gnaw spicy
Can be felt
Looking for you for a long time! ! Has been left not wait
I slipped out. Jiajia again tonight
Oh, I used to take pictures tonight
I hide
little Prince. Quack like a good story
Know what&#39;s what!
must.
US girl is not tired? Do not go to bed early tonight, ah?
Master, you are
Must, my family beauty girl
Also considered it my home, and I also like ah
Not, she is my
Share Well,
The aircraft automotive media teacher is afraid to keep up with the conference
Do not need to catch up, the media is going to play, pr the pass is issued to the media about the hair, have a news photograph, made news on the line
The change media teacher can not keep the big body lying
Hello there
Actually did not you say what you say when you go, I can not not have time to set the time Oh baby dinosaur US coal
Where do I want to walk ah
The white sweater still do
No pro
Like the incredible, because you said no, I only have to follow suit to another company bought a similar, yet receive, pro suddenly lit my infinite love for this type of clothing.
I was out to buy. Then buy time on one of the white
With really good looking, very amazing
You go to Lijiang friends
Yes ah ~ ~ I have been returned to Nanjing on Sunday about the up ~
Mmm
Chau Chau, do not you also ...
no! Hey &#39;&#39; &#39;talk to you tomorrow
Ah ha, tomorrow afternoon Longmenzhen put up ~
Peak to peak come time to pull open Internet cafes ah
It will be stolen ... voice ah, I recently found out that my laptop actually harm the good voice tired
Not stolen ah
But you certainly are discharged with good horror master
I ah ah. If no class Monday Monday can be. Someday I can find you
On Monday I was about to go out. . Large mushrooms and then just change one day chant? Day except Monday I will do ~
Ah I would probably say next. If the class is not next week, then I should be able to find you finished
Good good ~ late ~ large mushrooms do not sleep
Eyelid beautiful
Face was born in this era can still do not understand the point of how to live
it is good! well said! Let&#39;s Meet cosmetic surgery hospital
You Fengtai?
I lived there, were not there to work
A few days ago I was in Fengtai, looking for you to play, afraid to go too far too lazy
Next time to ask, well, then you go first, and nearly went to
Is not boys like big chest? ? ?
I like childhood grew up playing
I also like to play from short to long
To hurt ah ah parent phase
Cosmetics come back to help me a little chant
Thailand so what cosmetics. . .
There ah ha ha
They slept?
Ah na ready to return to sleep, etc.
3 can not take a day back?
may
Up something to eat sleep
Okay
Whoops ~ ~ You almost had depression
Mild
Dangerous Oh, be careful what
Self-control also can be psychological implications.
Eyes look great!
I warm man
Dry for a while
If we frame this different then it is really the political arena it
Do not be so pessimistic thing Encounter is the edge I think that is their fate is not shallow
Ha ha ha right right right because life is like a drama destined to get together again
I went to the two of you will not now go out to eat it
I eat them ... from a ...
Ok
To do plastic surgery
To natural
dream
5 destabilizing practice it?
Now steady to slightly month internship Fair
Fair? ?
Some spoilers about 10r do? Good Hope 10r win
10R and snapper is good base Friends, who won all the same!
You said 10r and turtle are based Friends, considering the feelings of what Poe Poe
When walking wave of mahjong
Possible
next weekend!
No, no, no time haha
Yo, I went to where to play
No, discussion late ha ha Shashi Hou
Ha ha ha can be
Competition map range is where ah
He drove to the aviation school and so on with the team to the venue
How far in advance of the general to go to flight school and other fleet
2:00: 30 - 3:00 it
Did not you say Beijing is the place to go do the elderly
Originally, they said, with the mission to Aba Today, more than 70
I do not know a lot of it at their own expense
Well I do not know
What color suits my school
Ah ha ha ha you are a high school or college
the University! Just rose ~
That it can dye your hair! Han Han want to dye dyed!
Will obtrusive light
Personally like to see it ~
Afternoon activities are not yet ready to brush
Something to be busy do not know how long it busy
Top grab
Unless I made Bo Hui
I went to see the benefits you go
Eat flesh, delicious meat
Home has been unable to brook
Haha, I go home to eat hard
Nilameshou
You are not fat Oh, you belong fleshy lovely type
Really, good point but still thin
You can lean your fantasy of what it was like
That picture is so beautiful I can not see ha ha ha, eat Amby
Go
It is someone you want to report
Report it! whatever! Get it! We made it! But we are not allowed to take off! ! !
Ha ha ha ha ha do not you love deep love
Do not deep! ! To vigorous! !
Horse companion to share life downtown! ! !
DAC should also send juice? So trench
No, reward
envy
Can I borrow your
Jump is a Meme da
I&#39;m very playfully
I&#39;m very cold
High cold, you do not concern me
Ah my Junsheng
Ha ha ha ha You should have died then I inherited my ants spend chant it ha ha ha
I just want to inherit your ants forest
Strong bag
Not changed too
Worse
No money, no friends
Happiness is like - then have to think about: the future development plans and ... ... there is no need to make up credits owed
I owe a lot
That is a tragedy ... ... ...
Good afternoon deep
28 Good morning
1 Good morning
Oh, happy birthday ha ~
Oh, thank you ha ~ ~ ~
You Tomorrow is the birthday of the Gregorian calendar?
Ang ~ ~ hee hee
This is why two weeks time so fast it ~ ~ I feel like I&#39;m just saying that you come back to Chongqing doing?
Travel ah, the New Year Goodbye, I&#39;ll be good eating and drinking, do not miss too
Who wants you ... ah ... so narcissistic ~
Do not recognize ah
Ohh you sure as long as a month?
I mean rewarding after a month, to put the material of the ~ ~ Strictly speaking, there are two months
Ah, really take it warm
Shen also unpromising head out, Why do not direct jump out, knock his head right Offer
You actually hear me knock his head for several awkward
I know you&#39;re not embarrassed zipper
This is our children look forward to get rid of bad habits
Miss the past that we have old
I was older Haha
It turned out that you are such a gentle person ~
Wang Luo means I am a big woman man, is not it? Previously sent a photo, it seems we still unfamiliar
My imagination is bound me, you better than I thought
long time no see
Very missed
Yes it is
Very cute
He wants to raise daughter
After a teacher myself every girl is your daughter
Had a few just want to become a girl
Ha ha ha ha ha ha I do not want to keep their girl children of it
some! Handsome and smart and sensible!
Dreaming you
Although the young married woman ~ ~ after various frustrating but it turns out we were young we toss from the ~ ~
I have acne, or being bitten by something
Estimated to be Zhangdou ~
Not any
I do wandering near the sports center, money buying into
Is it raining
Not under ah
All flights to Chengdu. Thunderstorm coverage. I prepared two were arrested, now in Wuhan. There are wooden take-off time.
Wot. I&#39;m on duty tomorrow. Chengdu is probably not enough capacity.
Today is not the duty of good old fire yo
What is called P Software
a lot of
Which is easy to recommend a
I have been a combination of Jesus
Big chest can eat it?
Others can ah
how about yours?
Where it
Chaozhou over there, far away
Well another idea when I travel often out of special envious friends
Haha, yes ah, just enjoy unrivaled views of the side of the road is not bad Oh
It is still very good drop
Hee hee hee, not even earlier still want to place good bared bared drop
Tonight night, always accompany you!
And a new, Keguan need something to drink
Nothing if the restaurant into a ... ...
Hey, is the Dragon Inn
Small two to pot the finest Longjing
I am the boss! Small second, you are not wrong
no! You can ask everybody.
Co-partnership bully me, right?
We really about the same age. I am 16 years old
Really. . I was fifteen it. . I should also remember. .
amount. This can also forget
Excluding it. .
Night beautiful night
Bad weather dark
And other fast ground when you saw it beautiful
Okay okay to go back or take it day flight
Taking me calling you go to bed
Called him with the idea
Try brainwave
But also made many times is not no pictures of ah
To you tube! Dead pig!
Too much garbage!
Directional What does it mean?
That I can send a scarf just to show you can not see other people choose a few people directed only to them
Wow! Wow! Wow! I like this! ! !
We come up with
Tell me where?
This upgrade is the new version of which was writing within a frame inside bib written after the lower right corner to send the little triangle next to the selected object open
Xi&#39;an shared electric cars just on, they checked the go. I do not know how this car shelter and charging, there is no market
Charging is a difficult problem to solve.
By riding storage (shared bicycle) shared storage is completed electric vehicle
If the riding storage money, then this model is good.
Those who do not understand the acrimony, you can ignore, can not help, can be questioned, but why curse? is this okay?
I do not believe that just shout it! Helpless ah
It does not matter, be strong.
Nothing too much like people, ah!
Ants much older
Brother, of us to whisper
No, my brother did not empty, busy now
Wenzhou dead heat ...
That would have been by three weather can wear a sweater in here I can not find the estimated time wearing
Which led me to want to buy can not buy long-sleeved estimate can wear it in mid-October
Baby pay attention to safety
To a certain snapshots
Yup,
I always have a question: What is paint color, then starting to color?
Acrylic paint, painted on canvas fiber, can be drawn on paper propylene
Advanced, as well as the original chemical fiber cloth, paper propylene, learned. . .
No paper propylene, acrylic paint may be painted on paper
This I know, acrylic paints or spent. (Sorry, I ask too ignorant)
No sorry,
Brother, you do not intend to fight PubMed?
Not test, Zala
I&#39;m fine now, ha ha
A memory, a cup of coffee, a you ... ...
There Xi&#39;an moist air
National Day this year, a trip to go le
Wood feels wrong with me
You know black
Did you black
Our white go again! ! ! !
Dinner yesterday to see you
Hey, what do you sit
Your next door next door
Good sister!
Sister, I dreamed of you yesterday! You robbed me of my dream still laugh at me drool lollipop
You remember people! Students!
Dream you have big legs
That was okay! That&#39;s me!
Your photos are getting a nice Art!
Recently mind a bit messy
The more clutter better feeling ~
I do not ah. I was second nature. You are ambiguous, different different -
How lonely that you do not stay up so late, Well, obviously the lack of moisture it!
I&#39;m sick of it trapped for three days, before coughing woke catch. Sister eh, seeking comfort -
Congratulations to Reba, the boy ducked Pearl
Entertainment bigwigs can not afford to do can not afford to engage in
It may, Pearl Boys social society, untouchable ...
With his kidneys and blood bought me a bag
You willing?
Not willing to ask donors
Happy New Year fast, then ignore my sister really angry
sister? .!
Ah slightly
Actually call themselves sister
is it not OK?
Clothes received
Tonight&#39;s also an update
I wait for you
Mini pigs see it there hamster
Pigs can
Just get our hands on, from which several aspects of the judgment it is not healthy
Go to the hospital to see it
Obsessive-compulsive disorder is really too expensive a
Pit! I think all parties into pots, put neat!
Bought a small hob 140 into your home it is recommended that
140 still small ah? I was 100
Not block 80cm 140
expensive!
girlfriend?
Is not it
Oh refueling
I Knut force ...
Today it is not silly
I did not buy today
I want to buy! My little bunny
Do the tsunami
Shield tsunami
You the almighty
There are endless fire
Facing the sea, struck the first blow, emotionally, happy laugh
with full force
good evening
Brothers came
You come for a long time
I have come a long time
So you do in tenderness Feelings
I let you do God
I also want to drink a mutton soup - you are victims
To come ah ah
You are responsible for me
Small fresh, just ignore me?
No, just fell asleep
Oh really sleep! Oh, you can make friends?
Stay up late yesterday Compare
Now also come forward and do
You can try
In case it
Silly you can not take it too
Ha ha ha ha. Hey Hey, do good,
Difficult to cheat than others lie to yourself
Haha. Do not cheat do not cheat. We do not cheat people do not lie to yourself. I will not lie to you anyway. To properly.
I remember you said you have a good oh pull Gogo
Few people do the laundry in the river
Is oh so occasionally still really fun to go to Kazakhstan
correct
My big administered by the abuses
Sichuan Agricultural School
Chuannong?
Seek cover
What you are looking for a job?
Sell Microwave
What Glanz
Filter next to me Friends
Which Zhang
I goes hee hee
Flash
I believe little girls nose to pop, pop-up nose is how to do it
Is to wring their hands nose, then there nose in hand, they readily throw to throw to go up ... ... ... ...
You describe the good and imagery
Casual linen, will do Caesar. Do not pick. ..
Oh .. Okay! No food?
Eat breakfast, now in my old man lying in this hospital plays, make up for a moment sleepy.
Let us come back to see the tragedy frankly cry once
You just cry, I do not want to cry
Then you laugh I laughed and cried
I have not found it changed the picture
Really love head ah
Love ghost
You&#39;re a good Jaguar
Thank you
you deserved
You good.
Good feeding mosquitoes Kazakhstan
Do not scratch the bite, patience fifteen seconds. This is my experience of these years, children!
Mmm ... me not bite package, not itchy red dot are direct
The boys played really particularly good! Although sad and mourning I see very depressed but still could not help but want to see!
I also could not resist the six episodes are really looked good to pass up the drama
I looked back
Can anyone tell me the boys set up a couple of marsh or head should be Kun ~
Or set up a couple of head Kunhuqiuba
I think so too is everyone&#39;s ~ ~ marsh
OMG I actually wear long-sleeved ah! ! I have also become hot dogs
Long-sleeved jacket outside at night but also add
Ah really begin cold? ?
Large temperature difference between morning and evening
I also want to wear a long-sleeved
926 seems a lot of movies released wow
Yes, screenings of new films set ... ...
This month have not found any good did not go to a movie
I do not eat rice balls
Hey Rong supermarket to buy cooking cook
Eat a man eating sad
Pathetic
Not so busy with me
However, I would not skipping children
You can see the sunrise every day
A few buildings of salary
2nd floor, guarantee the end of 1700
Oh ~ ~ ~ you are fighting every day bus dead
This wing is fine
Which child is rice ah
Sichuan Wangjiang is a small community north side of the door
It can be said about the name thing
I just forget it Jiaosha ha ha ha ha anyway, you get to the small north gate near you hide charcoal barbecue with search map they are very close to the street and then home Xinjiang restaurant it called &quot;rice ..&quot; That&#39;s it!
I really envy you can wave around these students, we have to do science comprehensive high school
The entrance of the high school you
Shuo Shuo seniors wait for me I&#39;ll find you
He should hit the post and it hit the pole, why should fly past the spiral killing me
Boyfriend fever asleep I can not laugh, laughing to hold back the whole bed shook still awakened him
I milk the child, the child finally fell asleep, I was awakened
Pig also to this age ah
Natal not have to
Still early still early, but so beautiful Pig afraid ~
Winter Solstice eat dumplings yet?
Na ah, eat them, How about you
I also ate, not frozen hand-package.
is it? Give you a comforting hug!
That&#39;s beautiful blue Han brand
~ Is not blue jade, jade ice, so we will like tones. Her mother sent, do not know where to buy
You really caring mother
We have to get rich! Pingping Oh you want to open in 2012 blossoming peach!
Also blossoming open, so I did not bother Yo
You can choose slow fine option Well!
So happy to see idol
Acridine, you wait for Avril children ~
Go together to the
Ye Ye brother
Goose bumps out of one place
Hee hee is my brother Ye Ye
Good, the take medicine
Contact morrow
Fast break go to bed early it!
Ah you are safe
Living in a dream yo
You are not failed to lose weight
I need to lose weight
No need to
We start tomorrow afternoon, no class, only two exams, etc.
University monk of it
= =
What is the most beautiful picture of the makeup makeup
You are the most beautiful strange
I do not
You are not in Henan it?
I drove back to Friday
Friday ... ... go back to Monday?
Not so fast, but fast
Thank you flop
Chan can reply thing? ! Jealous
Ah ah ah Reply praise also back happy
White Sox good white, to see foot
This is not to see
Good to see it
You look at the date, in 2016 he did not fire it okay
You really stupid the extreme!
I really do not know who is stupid
Home slightly
right now? ? ? ? ?
correct
audacious in the extreme!
Sugar Momo Tou good child you deserve better
A orange Jiuhaola me, ah, now I need to find some warmth
I have always felt, ah, yes, the man was slowly find. Before he found himself trying to do, he will appear at the right time. Momo Tou and our good friends A
Just eat hot pot sitting next to a table of people in Lijiang while drinking once and storytelling A master of wood
Is not that a meal a bargain
You can also eat a meal in feeling
Do not look for reasons
But also because I have no money for a moment of guilt
How much do you good,,
Hey, too much like the old lady
Haha, that old, his wife too much like, how it was like,
Fly 24 hours, ah, ah go to see a doctor Wang Yaping
Wang Yaping is spread change of position?
You&#39;re not concerned about current events, I would see her all right, pretty
... Then you eat after more than a look.
Why eat after?
Why eat much and feel uncomfortable ...
Hug
What changed the picture ah you
My friend insisted I try to see if anyone thought I was her
Shenyang as a person, not willing to go with me
Together Ah!
OK!
Aung what time?
Aberdeen ice, how do you want the phone -
Hey ~
Do not escape!
This is the escape it
Please send charging treasure la la la ~
Ah, study room is filled with ...
Charged please send me home! ! !
Why do not you take a
I love you
I love myself
Be together
Corsair does not faint especially fun fun! You have to overcome their own challenges of your life will be more exciting
I let go I willing to ordinary fast asleep
impossible! Do not you failed once to retreat as long as you dare take that step you will be able to achieve your dreams
Spring is stay away, the good will capricious weather.
You argue you come to a. Damingshan go from
When?
I say you ah
. . . A lot of my activities, do not stop.
I was at home knock knock confided leather handle bottles later I found a pair of scissors to open bottles of success
We tried, you could not open the thing to Beijing?
You find the kind of scissors, large, middle with hooks that
No! Finally, drinking Tsingtao beer, bottled
You read the title deduct many points it
Ait Liu first self-deprecating and then a few hands and more obvious
You just said that he was afraid to stay with him so he left to go first
Yes, you are very kind language
Good morning
Good health
Without rest
Make money quickly to travel ah
Where to go. I want to go too
Ah look at the group home or abroad
Cool on the line I afraid of the heat death
You see I took you there are people to ask the ugly numbers, temperament is unstoppable I give you to shoot you in the United States will be very troubling
I&#39;m going to throw up.
It was just taking medication side effects
Prosperity has dedicated more than a friendly exchange like me
Well prosperity can change
Ah find me give you
Keep going! ! ! I would like to wait until the people! ! !
Put a lot of good to each other and then found inappropriate tired ah really want to meet the people who fall in love
I will certainly be of the
Games and his girlfriend can not compare, it is impossible to change a girlfriend.
I was ridicule ah but the game is more important to me
I also think the game is more important ah ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
Accompany you in the end the only family, take care of personal
Ah you have to hurry up picking goddess spread
Come get in
He said the good sister and Lolita are where to go! Soul light
So you went to see my sister&#39;s ... ...
Absolutely, properly properly, I can testify
This is where to buy sweet potatoes
A little far from the school
Hey, recent ultra-eat, every time you buy are not sweet
Encounter good!
I always find my figure ... ...
Some ah I remember the first there seems to have your
How I did not find ... ...
Good clean water
Otherwise called the Emerald Valley.
You finally change the picture
How does this picture
too handsome
I like this person you love and tell the truth to make friends
hate
I would also like storm!
What are you sleepy
Cold sore enough sleep!
The spirit of the evening
Yesterday you not feel very cute?
I can say is ugly you think this looks like it cute
Pretty cute
Ah ha ha ha you buy the mascara ah
Ah I just made a to hehe
Well what do you think
Hao Shi did not fall into my head contact lenses
This time you must hate the boy, too naughty, ha ha ha
Do not! He was super fun. Than three years old child the most fun
I know, you have to bully him, ha ha ha
How can. Is now quickly take advantage tease him, after growing up may ignore me
Ha ha ha, you think like me, grew up in a bad flicker, ignorance can now amuse mission
lovely
It really is super cute!
what is it call?
Called Amy Loo
Oh, really nice, I have to go to the pet hospital will not do tomorrow?
Ah early to see
Hair woke up to see a ah ah ah ah so beautiful! ! ! !
Pray for artwork
I think you wide to print directly to me dripping amputated
You recently refresh the
Only when I went out to play will brush up
That more than happy to brush up
Ahem cough = =, you owe the book that has two months yet. . .
In fact, they ah ah ah ah Ah
Oh the meat you will not be direct kick them out = =
Happy birthday, how changed jobs
Haha, I received! Just wanted a change.
Ah, happy just fine
How are you? Are you ok? In Harbin?
The old way, in Hohhot do, there may be some changes this year, waiting for the next marketing policy unit it
People do not want to call me any
Do you know who won it tonight
It seems that you quite understand, then you give me elaborate chant
Visionary
Do not look at who I am
I should not know who you are
Come, come, you know you Naicha
so good
This is certainly the
Thank you that
This song accompanied by a good super mv
I have not seen it mv
Thank Yafei
Although I called Brother is administered
Good brothers
Only cat too headstrong!
Haha two go together later
On the agenda
Why do not you forget!
Well ha ha ha ha ha p fake chest, face is good friends
A flat chest last fight
Ha ha ha, I was flat-chested
You do not eat rice all day? ? ,
It does not seem to always eat rice
You really feed
I own to feed themselves
Haha. The text you see that map, killing black people stare me ~ 3 times!
It is really pro!
I know that is true, the next time you go out again to wear plain simple ~ ~
Eh! I wear a little break! !
Haha! On Well ~ ~
like me. That year just finished college entrance examination, not enough time to participate in oral and No. 9 class reunion. No. 9 in the morning my mother sudden stroke, spent a day in hospital ICU, died. Life is like this, you never know what the next second waiting for your yes.
Too difficult to accept ... too distressed wish you all sit safely after all small wind small waves
Thank goodness sprites daughter, hope you have a stable life
When did you come back ah.
tomorrow.
`Drinking to come back?
drink? No ah. Go back to normal ah.
I said get back out drinking `` ha ha ha
- - do not drink. Besides the summer. Monkey said that next week would have 1 drink. I&#39;m not going. She told me angry.
Hello useless ah `` `a man did not dare to drink
the first. I can drink bad. second. I do not want to drink. Summer slightly.
Summer painful death did not drink it `` `` `` bad drinker you? No wonder you&#39;re always hiding ``
Your small chest yet!
No, do not cut down the chest
Why then immediately after I lost chest chubby chest not long
I want to be a bad guy, just the kind of hello&#39;s
I am afraid that it is no one good
Because now is not the bad guy
Lawyers amazing ah!
Mrs. Liu terrific
can
Now that we have is the aunts and uncles
I do not listen to me do not listen, it&#39;s not true
Child paper ran thirty, acknowledge your fate
Why did not I target
I did not meet the person it is temporary
Hope is
Brother really happy to dig ~
Younger sister did not buy a ticket ... what?
I should not pull this year
why? ! You have to go to France? ...
He said before taking admitted to study on their own are not allowed to see Lunge
... so hard on yourself? ,, Go ah, do not have to wait a few years. .
Satan is due to death of me I want to own a little hard
This will not be too hard points,,,
And then go after the money ~! How much money you buy tickets ah
Buy 480, and told not to help buy a drop,,
Already fat I usually have night eating supper
Day snack stem Department of fat friends
Ha ha ha ha eat with a blessing
Stupid ah, the food was just right like slightly, why eat so much ~
Ha ha ha ha mouth marks
Fresh fruit can
5 want to eat family survive on the
Not objective, with strength girlfriend, can you come up out of four shopping cart
I saw your girlfriend buy the Yves Saint Laurent
expensive? What put you see? !
Some things are born, the saying goes, a man can not &quot;force&quot; ...
You are at the expense of others!
But I do not remember how bad your skin, ah, okay ...
That is, ha ha ha
Yesterday afternoon to knock on the door at the other a big brother awakened the sleeping
You describe very accurately, and we also had a new Director, Han did not know what the net one day, several of us were tortured almost crazy
People not hard ah
Last night just went to kick the ball
Last night we went to did not take the wooden shoes, went back there to see ah
I 20:00 to go
My family was big and crisp bed clothes
Invited me
Xie invited
Jealousy
? ? ? What jealous, you send me
Oh I thought a gift
A little happy to see you fat
Bad person
Think about your sun to eat, when to pull the hatred
Come on, you are the fattest
Scared a fat out of hand
You now have it out of hand
I want to break up with you
You have a fever?
No ah
Ok!
You do not take me to go to Happy Valley. . .
My sister is my aunt brought me here Smecta. . .
I have been back on the road of the Hankou
Brush swollen brush
Ok. If you believe in yourself, then brush on the Internet to find tutorials. If the fear of bad brush, then went to the phone shop to find a professional brush ~ ~ ~
I do not believe that mobile phone shop, not their own
sweat. Why do not believe that mobile phone shop na? ? ?
They said the phone to cell phone shop. . . Phone valuable parts can be replaced
And other new
Er ah
Faster
You have a wonderful sister
Xiaowu estimated awake
Xiaowu, probably, possibly, sitting up
This estimate seems to be
The girl did not ye changed
Change it, a hair shorter hair
Become beautiful. I do not remember
No, I was forced to whiten it: in fact you are really serious pinch total time, Zhao first grew to catch the ball forward, take the time to watch indeed reached 7 seconds. You hear me say, press the timer is artificial, if this accident did not occur smoothly and everything went really more than half a second table, no one will notice. Technical stage 0.5 seconds is not really matter. He said the little corners of the country, you might feel a little far-fetched it. Go to bed early, a nice weekend.
I do not believe a mistake, I would like to believe is deliberate
This is a serious accident a friend, I did not say that mistakes scorer&#39;s table. My words do not &quot;washing.&quot;
Precisely lunar calendar birthday is June 22 it.
Ah so clever it, 11:30.
He is a little less than three in the afternoon. Haha, much like the date of birth of a son in exchange.
This can have ah. . . . . Find someone to look at it together
Do yourself a designer?
Er ah ah you a long time now the shop is Shaa?
Also doing its own brand of
Terrific snow
That is not you do not snow
correct
Love dearly
Where are you going ah
Out to sea
that&#39;s nice
You can also right
No money, did not stay, no time
Find time to graduation practice
You are really beautiful!
If I had your body so good like hey
And you are great!
Shashi to Wuhan Jiaochuan Little Prince
201 valley Universal City in Which shop. . . Then cooked for Optics Valley do not know. . .
Every time I go and do not understand the Optics Valley will be lost
so awkward! More than a few times will not
Ha ha ha ha! Zhao sister&#39;s blessing! It seems lost! Eat well
I also Xiangshou
You have very thin friends
Envy white family has a good body Halfmoon masters of despair only manually slide the masters
You have to cherish, to slide masters
Cherish grateful Halfmoon masters need my help little raccoon took the wind out masters no shadow can not catch up
Where are you ah! Beijing or Lanzhou it? Tangled death of me ah!
In fact, Chen is also very good ah This family birthday together in Lanzhou
Yes, I think it is good! He will be happy, but you can have a good rest at home too!
I was thinking, you do not fight with him?
It temper too good to bully me it can only endure it ...
That day in case ... want to eat hot pot ... will not ...
Haha I&#39;m picky
Shanghai hair done too expensive
I will not give you a discount
Discount can not afford it go brother
Ok
I now have three days a revel really hard too hard early pace of upgrading giant is coming late to slow the teeth
I bite rose 6 days 1, really has given up! Small daily tasks, multi-point experience, so have time to play other
These include jade things to liver burdens specifically how much of a burden law says
At least a little hope
Your little Zou barbecue? And Who? I just got it out
With my sister
I did not see?
Tyrant fish
... dog Fish Bar
Local tycoon
I do not care I just want to take sister!
Yesterday, just for the system, the key did not hurt me a bit sad, spike
Play up slowly
Keep up the good rest ~
Physically and mentally exhausted ah
Relax appropriate adjustment ~ ~ ~ motion
You mean my black history also read the ... ...
I am over-flattered
I praise you just embarrassed
Also I wish my day a good mood
When Alice came to Shenzhen to find me play
Yeah, when you go to call
A deal
I have to fight insects six months, and so far it is still not recovered.
what? Your use of insects to fight intestinal worms clear it? Recovery is not what state?
I said I eat insects to fight drugs, no recovery is no recovery mood, not playing bug, mood.
Haha, that was it
Shenzhen went on to storm the rhythm 0 .. can not go home ...
Wow Shenzhen 520 is not too good it was his girlfriend, he did not promise you how they burst crying
Estimated romance .... heavy rain the day after tomorrow ... boating work ...
Then you should pay attention to the safety
Well .. it will be noted ..
Eyelid nose is very attention ah
A look that is very&#39;ll dress up the eyelid is cut below the eye of the mole quite beautiful estimated point later point
How you will dress up
The number of hungry hungry send a colorful good hair good to people
Others say Long time no dynamic duo are the world go by ...
All of them have had a good and a good hair cut
Well ...
Oh Well
I have never seen the sea
Oh, good Qiao
Oh yeah
You can pay the postage to try to eat it
With a bag over pasta with red wine!
There are rough potato
Ah this I have prepared
I want to know your phone bill that month is how to play
Just recharge it
Well, I really thought so little of it
Probably also more than thirty dollars a month
How come you use
Phones have packages, calls are enough for traffic
What package so cost-effective that way
Eighteen dollars, 2300 MB traffic and 300 minutes of talk, but also basic enough
so cheap
Hum hum, come with me mix it
To a
Every view is like a toilet
bingo!
You love it
so bad!
I see my brother when he feels he is the world&#39;s most handsome man
He will wait until you grab something and you no longer think of it
Now would be, ah, I still love him
Your heart can be so vicious really how distressed he was really gonna cry
It can open a live broadcast? Want to see you cry
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha Haga you too hard! !
awesome
Can teach me how to be a good man lick it
To be honest intentions wording know 8
awesome
Send me, I help you solve cancer
Haha, the family is running out, others were divided children to eat
Haha, children afraid not afraid of sweet sweet
Haha, my kids do not eat ... ...
Finger long ah
Okay ...
Ah ha
The penultimate What does it mean?
I&#39;ll be the last place
Say so, would not, but you&#39;re the inverse of the first.
My family man too!
Haha, at home with the hotel, Shoushenruyu
gosh. . . In gambling. ?
You make money home ... ...
How much fat a month
Payroll companies require confidentiality
You quietly said to me, ha ha
A man
My Father
Well, I see the slender legs
illusion
how to say
It was thin mirror
Really, not so confident
Boss hard stone
kisses
Jet lag, so went to bed late
I think it eggs, egg yolk saw the looks delicious
Actually the two of us in unison. . .
Ha ha ha ha ha eat goods from the roar
Miao want to eat hot pot
Another day to a super hot big lie
Wow good good ah ah
Where to go
Qingdao
Good place
I know why handsome man
me too
I believe
Grab finished remember to pick up the soap I wait for you
Unfortunately, I do not have soap and shower gel with me, hey, sorry I missed your chance ha ha ha ha ha
Shower gel better ah a big lump out of the ground to pick up more strenuous and more time-consuming and more difficult ah I like
It seems you are experienced ah
Can go KTV, my roommate is the most resistant to KTV
In the dormitory spent half a day writing did not want to come out of the hi
Hey do not wronged their own multi-point
Phoenix single fir really tasty
Xinhui certainly still drink orange &amp; P ah
Not the Department, I am not saying that tea Xinhui, Guangdong tea, I said I think drinking Phoenix Dancong
Do not blame running self-cultivation, Blame those who have no moral upbringing of it
I can not press a horn! They are too many people
You can consider a change Wuling Hongguang
I do not want to fire ah! That knocked down some time ago to a large
Ma eleven awake fresh
A little dizzy fat meal
The original ~ satiate men
I could not tell silly Yu
Ha ha ha ha ha ha silly Yu success proved that thin can become handsome. The first matter, play the male brother
Do not want to see, just love to see the theory of evolution
wait
What the hell pit ... ...
I died twice uh toilet
Restrain their grief ... ... Momo Tou, all worldly possessions, traveled to every place to spend a few weeks or months can get back ... ...
There is snow here in winter I have almost no snow later
Inner Mongolia is not it snow?
No, a cold winter light
Do not wear more cold
Yup
I do not always want to sell the cake
Walked
You go first, I was playing a while eh
Where have you been
Xinfeng Lintong photo sister have to ride
Why the
I&#39;m coming! ! !
What prize
Feeling came good
Your waist so high
You do not sleep most of the night to see me photograph
You so early.
· But people like wood with white eyebrows · · · · really tangled
No culture ah = =! !
Yes ah did not know how to raise · · ~
0 really want to raise?
Otherwise, it was put out · · · · · · · O death, it is not how people can fly ·
The proliferation of maternal love you,,, senior sister apprentice
All are equal -
Marshal pot! We&#39;ll have a hamburger medal it! We will love you the N years!
really? How much John Po rankings ah? Hey, are not on the network, did not vote, hum
16
Plot points discreet bar
Old white is not dead yet? I say there is a problem? I did not name anyone, right? I can only say that role. After two episodes of the story was wonderful, I mean there is a problem?
Two episodes also when the old vernacular unsightly played dead looked like. What does it mean to me to explain my students do not understand your expression
You look at bloggers like to say it&#39;s my favorite dark idol drama I can not be honest characters in the play to make fun of him?
Put your teeth looks really value the peak of beauty
Large die, where the United States
US ah really better than me this crooked teeth long good-looking
Hello lovely ah ha ha ha
Fat friends feel
Not a lot of meat just chubby
Cherry flavor more praise ~ ~ ~ blossom just in bed smelling like ~
A good cherry smell it?
I like the smell of ~ ~ but feeling too sweet ~ girl
The orange flavor is not good news!
Meier, what we really fat
Really fat, looks pretty high, the whole person looks like a door!
Occasionally, I want you to cover a windshield more rain
Should not see my smiling face will always be sunny it
Ha ha ha ha, have you, is enough
We do not say things short legs
Or a short time, unimportant
What you say is important
good Morning
Early ah
You are ah Liaoning
correct
You to model
I&#39;m going to lose weight plastic surgery increased
Not ah. I can do it
No winter hot pot, what winter count.
Pot Fortunately, I have not seen snow for many years
You can not snow there is of it,
Rare it
Can snow miracle
I tried to sleep. . .
I did not see the movie phone power now borrow a fellow Yongzhou charging treasure
so stupid
Ah ah ah I want to eat nuts daily
You know this?
A similar super delicious eaten
Bring you next time!
What is the fun in Asia,
Air Yoga
Wow, what weight loss,
Play it ha ha ha
You are very good you? Good to even bitten by a dog will be very happy? ?
Oh baby do not quarrel with each other at peace some understanding
Pro, only bother arguing with her! She said that what our family CNR, what she considered
We support the pro-CNR like those do not bother passing the
Er er, ignore her. I went to the CNR hit list
I like to eat dumplings
Haha, come eat, I should tune of salty
Knew this would happen, how you do not eat it
Well fancies
You eat
Not easy, give you a call! !
I have not had a girlfriend concern. I want to be your boyfriend very happy
Not by one, concerned only speak typing, I do not feel anything. Dry distressed.
Xiexieouni made my normal photos
I normally do not send
It is not your death is my death the
Certainly not you die, that you die
This is dinner? You want to die fat! !
Brother, I did not eat dinner even got now
Dad really hard distressed
Had in front of a group of ducks under the bridge, Come Come count, twenty-four thousand six hundred seventy-eight!
Run to run faster wear Pied Swallow
Not difficult to talk ah
Multi Shunliu ~
I fattest weight soared to 140 and now 128 is also reduced
Refuel
Haha good to eat but recently a little shameless
It is hard to practice right point
Good good
To be sincere, dogs, dogs in particular, raised without a certain economic strength, or cloud dog, my sister is a golden retriever home, walking past year, the Ins and Outs of a doctor I have spent tens of thousands, and Wang is a doctor according to the weight of the drug, a little point of serious illness, spent thousands easy, hassle free hand to adopt the party really do not think myself picking up a big cheap, buy a dog really is Wang Yisheng with the cheapest sum money
Super I agree that my baby had to buy when you have a cold month of 1300 home took me to see a doctor managed to save more than 8,000 returned back to the hospital for medical examination casually but she is now going one thousand small Meng good good good good clever cute love her
Your home baby good clever
Hee hee yesterday the new film came out it was Joseph
Looks good, very good guests this color
Which beige da ah do not worry about it fade
Son beat Xiaofeng
Fenger is is why it is a small, weak weak to ask
Tang probe 2 in title
Freemasonry
We have two years or so, and does not want to go to school.
Before returning to school are all kinds of anxiety, fall ill, upset!
Perpetrators to justice yet? You could still see the Spring Festival tea baked Heating it?
Murderer has been detained
There is not a murderer son? Who care
This we do not know, oh!
Do you want me killing ants spend my inheritance chant
You die nest B is mine
... He should not like to eat hands
I can give him hit single
However, I went back home early from get off work and go out for supper to go ha ha ~
Does not even call me
You run on both sides fear a tired
Chick, doing?
you guess
Ah! I thought you were asleep yet
Sleepwalking it, I hear you cry back
Dong Ning Dongning You&#39;re great!
Missy small Jomo praise ~
It is seen through!
I was not more powerful, I dreamed of plot development to make a direct chase the three.
You got something B
You will make the Dian
You also use the sun?
More black you know.
I could not be more black
I see you want to darken
As long as something happens, most people went with a group of people to blame one party, then deny their previous actions? This is the so-called love you love beans
Truth to say, then I saw a bystander were bitterly disappointed not to mention the parties
Do not say this, the time to help me write the poem
Write poetry? You are too highly of me
You see my hair super-words
A good defense seeking the shadows
In fact, the Department of coffee next to the body, I flew off the left. .
Both fly well open
This is where you
Street town
Not in Chengdu
At the edge of here
Meng Emperor tried photos more expensive than pants to try on demand
Sorry ah
I secretly
I have recently hit the ball ... ...
I&#39;m bored ah.
Find something to do chant!
Today stroll out of town.
Look good? My space has been refresh the ... ...
Cry miserable
Others are okay on that letter
Unless smooth feeling is developed to a certain limit, otherwise Yue Ying is loss of what it means
Oh my problem statements, that are stable in January, relations are developing steadily, if any, to the marriage stage (stage similar relations to the full moon) there may be some problems.
Everything is stable enough right
Right ~
You do is Cancer?
- I was not random release other signs it
Ah ~ I think you must be a good person, you must be a really good sign, right
Have we met? ? Wow
Originally, the star fell leg, the leg will be green ah? !
So difficult that they are made of iron ...
A child is think so
Cute little fairy
After not allowed to say that the founding of the fine yet
Fairies
I went the first time so short it! !
I said you look good with short hair now! ! ! Out!
Eyes out!
Take care of themselves ah, in addition, no longer afraid one day I do not drink ah
Drink plenty of water ah! ! ! !
Er er, you must also
I love to eat spicy Article
My daughter also love to eat, I eat, I feel strange taste, taste like plastic
Know less healthy, but still the favorite (I think it tastes good yeah)
Who told you one day not to see some nutrition game. Deserve it.
We should look at other stations after midnight 12:00
Ghost it?
No, other Taiwan talent show
Do not be so boring.
Haha, come to Xi&#39;an it, a lot of your Caicai
Afraid to come.
Haoxingfua, I do not have tickets how to do
You can come and look at it wants to exit Jinyinhu c
Pro, which floor
Chongqing is also the sister of? I have to go to Monaco in September, what recommendation it
Nice little Gomorrah Nage not directly past the line
In Monaco you how long it took
long time
Northeast of the earth there is no good, there is no elite, certainly. But the overall quality of the ground northeast Gaobu Gao, we all know very well. If I were the Northeast, I will be more than others to stand up and cast aside such a person
To tell the truth you do not know where are you been to lower the overall quality of what the northeast northeast of such words come out really bad if he is the Northeast that we cast aside his northeast of course we just hate this geographical discrimination of this geographical discrimination behavior really did not quality
Do not go to the northeast of Beijing over the quality of the Northeast can not see it
I wonder why I was determined to be resident ah? Before I activity on the line a few days, which determine what system ah
7 days return = = You are not logged considered among possible even for a moment under the Golden
I did about six months on the line ah never once Deng, is to see ah linkage only return before the return of gifts also picking up do not understand
And you are a hair, I also do not understand
I was concerned about me ~ ~ ~ Capricorn
Even Pakistan, the weather is hot, go out to eat more fruits ha ~ ~ Oh umbrella
Continued touched ~ ~ ~! ! !
I want hot strip
Let you eat vomit, afraid
Afraid of fear
Do you have to call around Bowen do
My nephew Xu Bowen
Hello I&#39;m your nephew
How big now
Where are not safe, only pay more attention to safety! Sin ah ...
There is still a safe place
where?
Away from the Himalaya
Ah, ah, I do not go over there, hey
Net friends are really red mesh red
You can not be on God
Can not ah
Why get up early tomorrow?
Dear me going back to school A
Tomorrow? One is not it
Finally, I have to see the parade particularly proud of it! Watched the plane fly in the blue sky, I was moved almost cried! Come on!
Why excited fast cry
What you think of the
The first cold Do not eat, I can help you
The first cold I do not eat and drink lemon ginger tea a day
A cold, but also to eat well
There dream is good, if one day realized it
First you put your first bombing before that phone call I use a Harmer
I would also like to blow you use my cell phone
Then you quickly
The interview was the pit?
A month ago voted resume, now suddenly called to interview several
Go, or not? Ha ha ha.
Should not
Off of the card, the cheapest is like 8999
You can open sub-card?
There may be experiencing lesson for the class, but once I did not know much about the card before, you can call and ask to see
You change the picture
On a few days
Ok
Haha, our home to eat seafood, you eat around all day.
Ha ha ha, delicious!
We eat them every day, for a pattern to eat.
You can send some photos are not married, live or wedding can be. I&#39;ll give it old school
Finishing it has not &#39;finished sorting hair Oh sure
Well the good Lord, I am waiting
You go home?
Grandmother died
I am sorry
It&#39;s fine
everything will get better
Charlotte! I am going to go places! Queen City!
The multi-occasion cake.
thank you
Well your home as well as paper plates?
Kieu
Tert birthday today people are ignoring the people ah,,,,,,,,
happy Birthday
Uncle, I give you the cake Post
I have little to show off at home -
Any New Year&#39;s holiday home in the winter holiday must be late
You can go home on the line
Lived in the villa is large ..
Acclimatized to serve you
Walls are dissatisfied also serve you
Angry comment, refused to chicken soup
What is marriage? What kind of person suitable for marriage? After meeting in the confusion of life. Last second felt better the next second they feel that they can not hold on. So how can I to do?
There is no absolute fit, loving only one way to find the other half of it. Perhaps you should change your mood, another way to make one of us to relax. Not necessarily always want to get married. Let it go, filled with blood you will hit a brick wall last black and blue.
hungry
Do not eat
I do not eat the second half
Then let reopened table
You quite powerful ah!
Nothing you eat your
Bakery baked bread smell, feel and taste than enjoyable.
Feel the same sympathy ah! So I particularly want to go to pastry
I do not often go to the line, in which a long time will be tired of
Why not take it sets
The band also has a chance of looks, although that is to say cut off
With a set of non-zero chance of a damaged condition
You do not say, Daitao not broken there is a chance of infection, but still lower than it wants to buy lottery tickets
Why have I
Because I love you
I want to be green?
How on the green it
I worry
Do not be afraid! I still love you
Does not mean others do not love
That you love me
Men do not grab the girl and Kazakhstan
Oh My God is my girl Yeah I beg to send chanting
Also my birthday
You&#39;re a liar
When did I lie to you.
You lie to me you did not lie to you I send my chant
You are a big liar
I&#39;m not a liar You&#39;re a liar liar to say good gift
God, too difficult to send teacher atlas, drew a bunch of latitude, river, terrain, cities, let back, I thought she was joking. . You are liberal arts students?
Ah, the representative of the class of liberal arts geography lesson. Is quite hard, but geography on this thing ah, remember, all geographic problem is not a problem, really!
A big question I now have no way to start, do not know in the end to be doing. .
The first junior high school geography class, talk about world geography, remember the teacher spoke a word, say, close your eyes, there is a globe in your mind turn, stop at which you know all the information that place as long to achieve this realm, you get good geographic come to me afterwards. His final analysis on the statement or map, head to have.
Wow, blank address seeking grasping cake
I went to look
Wow, thank you
Sweater very tide
This sweater is my favorite, because of the above pieces have bright beads as well as a necklace, then it can be like a sweater
You can then pop the light sheet and the beads
Is it so special like
I remember you that piece of stand-up collar, jacket with a light film of it on the collar
Why do not I remember? Also stand collar? So slapstick
I&#39;ve always wanted to raise ~ ~
Only fat birds keep it ~
Haha bird in a cage is not only fun or funny cats and dogs
Well .. I prefer cats and dogs ..
Senior sister apprentice and beautiful mess!
Face big mess!
I feel provoked and white
Are you trying to say you legs?
People say you have to say, I&#39;d like to show the face, the eyes are swollen not sleep well
I said it first! Last night, I sleep good night to ~
Yo? Toothache trouble you?
Not Oh, is not sleep.
There is something, ah,?
The key is to not mind. .
Did not mean that the mind but also sleep?
But I&#39;m so sleepy
Take advantage of the storm to sleep quickly, so inferior and can not sleep
I woke up hungry
come…
Too late, unsafe
Ask the driver to pick you ah ...
The driver slept,
My family bought two days are not mysterious call ... good catch Jia ... ...
He is also familiar with the new environment
Thank you aviculture a novice we still have to ask you more friends
Welcome to tease
How do you turn again?
Phone companies have a ticket that day something not likely to go
I see you buy one, I thought you were going
880 do have a ticket and want to turn out in 1280 to buy a
I still want to do 880
There is a 880
Original turn it
1400 rpm
Ningbo has not
Shanghai will not have a
That case back to Shanghai
Haha I wish you good luck
Your day to eat a few tons
Dayton it was only five meals plus afternoon tea and supper -
too frightening
Ha ha ha ha ha nor is it all that day Jiang Zi
... ... ... ... ... ... Ms. Fu long original is so nice with my mother ah ... ... ... ... I have to speak up
Ms. Fu Ma Ma last night, no makeup also see who&#39;s still in the group shall not be made a makeup photos
What group ⊙ ⊙!
How to sell rice rolls. I bought it all. My dog to eat
Do not black Jon good
I did not black bridge Well ah
I will not hold anything against you
I despise myself
why?
I can help you lick
I had a go. . . Tearful. . .
Go back to get off work multi-coated aloe vera gel point we feel it ~ ~ poor younger brother
Day you go out that way
No. 1 starting
In November it
what? You say November holiday or go to Germany wow
Germany
Mid-November
May I ask where you can buy just the lake
Well a lot of walking marriage bridge shore
Thank yo da good buy tomorrow
Honey, what it called wheatgrass
Binger, are you not?
Well do not be so direct -
How direct it?
I&#39;m sorry, I&#39;m too fond of telling the truth
Then you tell me, when WP8.1 push it?
Ha ha ha ha ha I ask myself is stacked orange clothes do? If so, then it is a strong pet
No, usually small oranges will not accustomed to his brother, Today is a special case
Seen such a small child is to face, determined not ever face
Why I looked at London or eighteen
Next year 118 18
Ha ha right right right! !
Yesterday went Seiryuji also think you can not see
Ha ha ha you around town yesterday ah ~
Super Multi people are background
Yes, so you think about me more difficult today
Touch
I went to find a fan and then a small point online.
Okay
You do not sleep I slept a good night.
good night
Congratulations greatly
No, no ... Congratulations early does not bear that does not bear ... (fear
Well blessing or just happy enough to see me face
Brown bear it and you&#39;ve seen that face exactly the same
It was not very happy day
In reply to see you high, how, in the hospital it, Ying Ying also heat it
Report sugar, Ying came out! Remove sister report.
I am waiting
Ling Po: people are not girl woman man
Ling Po is the right man, but the Spirit of woman positions, but the actual male or female
Woman, mouse woman mentioned spiritual woman when using &quot;she&quot; word
Swollen swollen what you play early. . .
Do not mention it. . .
I think I understand ~ ~
You played quite early ah ~ ~ ~
Hang slave! , Career sleep very fragrant!
Running aground, not allowed to sleep, get up three killed!
Wu Xiang Xiang at home sleeping head kill, kill yourself!
We naturally boss you happy with your happy
Well how about you that three bags?
Okay fine I could not cover this thing up
What does this mean? Could not cover
That is, I do not play this up
why? Vomited? Or know much Ha
It is not a white shirt! There are no friends grumble skirt, older people would say
Not grumble hanbok dress, right ... ...?
Korean is to send, did not pull the tone
OMG fellow &#39;&#39; &#39;&#39; I&#39;m afraid my face is too big to fit into the lens
What ah big foreign flavor of your fellow pointing up the scene it
Oh Congratulations. A total of one minute ah so many people
One person one minute Okay? Long time not see how that Han dropped ah
Oh, so ah. Age, and allowances for Kazakhstan
Background music out
What is this song to the
Get you through the long years
You&#39;re moved to the door, eh? ! How free is free and easy ~! ! When the wind to do the same man!
You have not shielded? ?
Why should shield ~! !
Not to shield me? ?
You got the wrong person it ~! !
The original is that the public outrage! Haha!
You can not be happy to play up! !
Green teacher is very Bang Bang ah
I regret it did not seem to play very good read today
It seems good
As your classmates for years, he did not come to help you master cake would be justified
I wish him a happy birthday slightly. . . !
Ok. Time is too hasty. Aha ha ha u h these days out
Hello ask tent is built on sandy beaches or rent?
Fishing club to rent
Thank you, huh
Saving to buy a new special sauce of blue! Ha ha, look forward to September!
How much memory? Ask your parents to ah!
I do not know how much to save, but not to the parents themselves to save money, those snacks ah what to buy less!
Single dog
Why do you evaluate your own
Why do not you say good night sleep
What have your new home room
Baby managed to get zayang
Afternoon test
Refuel
This home in which position? Like fried river snail. .
Benefits to Blue Island next to me ah go on
Haha. Well!
Special smoothly today is unfortunately the rain
Salsa also turned?
She went to Xishan something of you, so I could not stand it
Coffee drink it ... ...
I do not drink coffee
Counting the dumplings quickly sleep!
I do listen to music, I have already counted sheep
Oh, today I want to lambs birthday kiss
Also my birthday
Wow What a coincidence! ! !
What you research study architecture tune? However, when the mother in advance! Haha
This semester to design the nursery, come to accompany children to play a morning, starve
This will do?
The milk is now rarely met with hey
In the school&#39;s back door chance to see
The milk in my mind for many years have not seen the
Ah no supermarkets sell drink is feeling
Back home! Noon Me!
real or fake? ?
What if it is true ah.
This afternoon is not Zhendi Me and slightly ~
How should I say, why is this afternoon ah, so excited ah.
Give a ball to me as a present
I want to give a lot of small balls than you ~
Chibi Maruko is oh. . .
Beef and pork small balls ~
To Chibi Maruko
No cherry small meatball
Anyway, there
I have not seen
Egg drifting
Put your hand a few pictures to leave comments, Liu Egg dare try
I bet, definitely not
To tell the truth, I would have been prepared to teach, and I see this moment sank.
To be honest, it is this psychological quality, you still do not go! Just because someone sentence deny yourself? You have read my expression of it?
See for yourself why so many people do not agree with you? I have a problem or you have a problem
Insecticide is a good thing.
How could want with pesticides
Because the insects hate. . . .
I had not hate insects, but here too just too much
Available with my brother play a rabbit!
Beat estimates
To try ~
Not allowed
why? ?
Not go out
Why? ?
Each Elaeocarpus science again
Elaeocarpus have done before meow control
I went looking through
Drunk began to see a half-day would like to say what the hell is on the left leg
Tuoerdainv, you react too quickly ha ha ha ha
Next to the phone
Not three minutes the rain stopped, and also out of the sun. .
There are just heavy rain
Just be home by now. .
Playing qualifying forgotten
... less support you ha
Blush Good luck friends
Peas before graduation ah
Certainly more than we graduated ah this is the next big junior pictures
Now that you coach Who
Well or college sports
Who
Senior said you should not recognize
This is a red panda, is a small raccoons simply face Jun Oh
Only you find ... ... amazing! !
Say if you do not know like the original, continue to install, I quietly watched
Hehe
Good comedy Oh, you find there is not the sense to find a good child! People viewing explosion No, what are you cynical!
Do not recruit black
Too much wind, I did not catch? You what
Walk to New York
Yesterday, after listening to Zhang Jie version feels good to hear
Yes, Not Bad
Read these words, you think of high school
Why?
There are literary talent ah
When to go warm female line ... ...
Sister has been a soft heart
Soft sister
Tough Guys
I also Hedong district, not contact. Stop water and electricity network
You Hedong few building?
I Building 1. 2nd floor above did not drown
Now it should not rain ...
No. That is, electricity, water. CCTV has news. You can look
Your palette is really there own style
Shy, complete filters
Ha ha ha Yes very strong sense of filters
Walnut doors had been
Papaya soy milk is not lost on me
You did not understand me
I do not understand, like
Okay you are not smart enough
Here fruit cola, that is, I have no thoughts. To bully, some road nothing! Refuel
That give me five burgers and guard against shock
5 Hamburg · · · · · ·
I keep, eat slowly, do not believe me eat
Oh, sister ah! It was not your stomach feel bad ah · I drop the meals are distressed ah · · · ·
Ha ha ha, wood matter, sister reimburse you
When back in Linfen
There forty-five days
I went a few days Linfen
Well, call
I play with a strong pot Available now SLR
you buy it?
Yes it is
Playing
okay
I have to wash your photo, and then to see my students, my classmates&#39;ll say you handsome
Zuoshen wash my photos?
Kan Ma, each exam you look at the photos and the boss, the examination will be too
You enough ~
I hope your dreams come true
Good move, but I still feel bad you
To hug
Well, the dormitory to meet you
I called to the South Pole
You are interested in it
Always wanted to go
Bitten you yet?
Yes
That dog needle yet
beated
That&#39;s good, all right, right
There is not even even met you
You go back acridine
I thought at least you are
Well yesterday happy
Hey he finally was Young tossing half the movie to see the flash go home to help carry the luggage to the Tianjin Railway Station
- - what movies
One Night Surprise quite similar to perfect pull you Chou Chou
- - tolls are more expensive than a movie ticket
You also recently Well
Fortunately! I did a double-fold!
how do you feel
No recovery is good! This month VIII do! Feel good! Kaka
That is several school
VI school to go fourth
Well a few days later military training
Half of it!
so long
cut. . . You can lose weight ah! But I considered good luck, we do not have to campuses Military military training. . .
A hot Shanghai
Haha! In fact, your school so early is not good oh! Because hot! Kaka
No matter how late are hot
okay then! ! Be careful of heat stroke ah
Mmm
Yeah brothers objects
Forget Hui brother with you to say
Possible
Come you I can take you to times and times
You wait all the months, I came twice poor you! As long as the baby is not hungry today with
Wait! ! !
It is a little odd man woman ...
Estimates are men
She is a woman
Old now, and it focused on stability
What the whole game fast friends
Fast insecurity is not no good
Is a problem, I&#39;re wrong, get some experience ah
Steady focus
A fight Harmer
To blame me you did not stop it. . Fujian Fujian said they do not really fun. . Also do not go to Fuzhou. Then there are the clouds ah Earthen terraces
We just went to the registration Earthen Lord
Ok. . . Photo shoot can still drop. . .
If you do not deserve, then I&#39;m going back ah!
The degree to promptly reply - before you release him? Free look
Kiss you is not really a bump just released today. . . . . . .
Do not care a long time. .
House yet? Still doing it?
Yup! !
This is your ultimate house depth of it. . . Things do not come out
Haha everything to you
What is my antenna
You are SpongeBob
Ha, swan mounted high cold Bai, Oh da ~
What you do, doing what works?
Xi&#39;an subway technician -
you go
To, a pro, Bobo
Hey Papa
sad
Silver bad that he went to seek named ... ...
This is my
original. . .
I hate what you can not come to Paris as soon as possible! ! The words you coming or Germany?
Well now the hands of such circumstances do not get the money so do not visa in Germany I can not go
Well&gt; &lt;
Lawyer friends can not pay for it? This is not your style.
Do not pay, how is it?
Not paid on shameless! what&#39;s wrong? Shameless people think they can do but unfortunately only under God thirty-nine flow.
You mother fuckers who think they can do but unfortunately only under God thirty-nine flow.
Keep to yourself
My Nguyen, seeking to console pet today to visit my arm to be broken next week, more suffering, C treasure to stay in hospital a few days, next week Daka not know will not break, it seems to me a more comprehensive perspective of refueling , positive energy come
Gosh, C Po how is it?
Minor surgery, a big issue but need to be hospitalized four or five days I worried Nguyen table, no more big Ha
Zhaohuaxishi super nice
North Korea took pity eyebrows pick up a sweet bite marks are very nice
Ah ah ah feel the same sympathy
The weather today is good, but also to see it for free?
Free Oh
Thank you
I felt the pain of your original commute out of our day to eat rice
OK, ah, you usually rest of the week
This week I have had a break
Eat snacks
Can not eat yesterday is someone that I face a lot,,,
Haha. . You are still very thin.
Dandruff
Attack her!
who
Yes, as I like this girl, she was far away in Xinjiang, I, as a salted fish I do not have one hundred percent confidence after her, three years ago, I failed, I do not know what will be after three years from today look, but I know through the same, if I do not strive, do not try, I still can not prove himself.
She also went back Weinan it?
I am sure I will
She knows you like her?
Know, but she is now something was home to more than things, I think Nannvzhiqing, she will postpone
For the love of the people, the struggle
Has done nothing, then a white table
I want to find a picture
Hair oh
Thank you ~ ~
What brand frame
I also want to know
You know you want to tell me
Hello, I&#39;m millet customer service, how do you have time this week, in an interview about your hotel
Two men like doing
In addition to the other can not have children dry
Ex-girlfriend&#39;s red dress?
You leave this Suzhou are several years in a row
Okay, just over a year ah
You&#39;re finally back slightly =. = I recently learn to drive too busy!
That tall waves do? After 20?
I did the exam = 23 =
Do not casually reveal my name mortal
How language exam?
Not very satisfied with every out too tired
It is said that middle also invited reporters to scare property management! To do it Actel total chrysanthemum?
Do not say wait for you to come back to help my brother shouted news site property management to put pressure on the police and we could finish out of the paint splashed
Big Brother watching you said he was pleased!
Will miss a ruthless place, pull intestines hanging belly daze. The same feeling, that feeling of the place, time is difficult to hide, not because of how busy and usually stop before going to bed to look back on the sidelines. . . That place
Yes. . . . I think we may forget the past and nostalgia thing is very hard
Why are so regardless of beauty and ugliness in the depths of a trace does not leak memory of that time. . Gently surfaced in the past, the pain began to spread. . .
I&#39;m so sorry.
I&#39;m sorry, let you sad,
Thank you, friends, less a situation, intentional ~
pretty good! Passionate than okay
Ha, passionate relentless pain better than ~
Long hair drops, or get used to short hair fairy,
Long hair does not look good wow
Good-looking, lady
You look good enough
early!
Xizai sister good morning, nice weekend
Haha! Happy holidays ah!
Activities begin immediately
Well! Must participate!
We think, ah ha ha with statistics teacher said today, I came to know a girl is normal, and came to know a man of Engineering
That is, our teacher in class, classroom glance say, your school should be changed to Women&#39;s College. . . Good speechless
Serious impacts to our sense of beauty and self-motivated
Yes, we transferred to another school
Haha go from
Ha ha ha someone to accompany you do I get with my knot would skip class to go!
I want to go to work ha ha ha fifty-one may not have to rest
Whining
People also want to play alas fake holiday
What company fifty-one also work overtime it! That is not human nature
That did not have meaning
You help him comb leg hair I also know that things
Stubbs is okay! !
The city will still play
You seem not to put the city, like
Do not say the village good signal difference
Who just graduated this industry is full of longing.
Yes ah, I look forward to after graduating from two months ago.
I am still looking forward to it very fear
I went to South Korea to buy
South Korea about how much cheaper ah
X seven thousand 256
Come on. Do not let us down. Several sets of music, as the TV home yet, I do not want to watch TV after not. By the way, your car, etc. Well, I want to buy.
Open your home video halls do. Also several sets of music as the TV! Are you sure the TV instead of potato chips?
Right right right, you&#39;re right.
good night
the first
praise me
Ah ha ha ha ha ha ha you are the best
A left Chengdu, and again trying to cheat me back to Chengdu
Welcome to Chengdu
I just returned home from Chengdu today
This is not the future you sleep
I woke up at midnight
I thought you stayed awake
I did not write a good many years, too excited
Come on, I&#39;m waiting to see the results of it
Desires satisfied
What the hell
Well because you do not wait for others
Since that serve pretty good
Beauty is also the way to piggyback on this handsome bar
Different gender, refuse
Sichuan Academy of Fine Arts painting No wonder so good I learn to draw in next-US Haha
Middle School students do
Right ah Sichuan
Oh come on so ah
You took the line of my friends thought I was dead Zhibuding
You can not enter the space set permission before I spend a lot of lines and then made a face
I can get into Ha ha ha Barbara is terrific
I love
Shandong cherry taste it
We Shandong Peninsula rich cherry na
I went into a box to eat
This small cherry bad mail, large should be no problem
Pictures Who? There is no change of position I ah brother
Imagine that you are Ah, oh, I almost forgot, you&#39;re still a middle school,
This points ah, sleep tomorrow day! Although High School is not ye, but we still affiliated people, ah!
Yes ah, always will be. You stay up a loud noise?
Not sleepy in the afternoon to drink a few bottles awkward bull
Whoops, I&#39;m all lit Zhangdou, really hard we
Sore, things are going gets
Then drink the liquid food bar
Do porridge together with a straw
Fine
There is no recommended complementary feeding machine, it is best not to facilitate the kind of complex, baby just over six months to get ready food supplement
Bought a grinding bowls, dishes stick. Children eat food supplement for almost a month. They are in use, practical.
I also intend to buy this! Will the bowls which brand?
Andrews you have to pay ah, I bought a clearance unloaded. The Forgotten Coast and bought a clearance unloaded. Ida bought a dream once, customs clearance, did not dare to unload
The latter two fun right
The latter two are special episode Monument Valley ... ... is none other than game
That saw the drama on when historians people what is it? Sima Yi historical evaluation of the already poor ah!
A black man of the need for a gradual process also can not Sima Yi born usurper will punish the family, right? Subsequent account of the history of the black man also confessed kill you also got to see a few sets every day, shouting whiten whiten?
Yes ah, this drama is Sima Yi blackening find too many excuses, Sima Yi blackened entirely someone else&#39;s fault, someone else such as Sima Yi, right? Unfortunately, history is not the case, and the pet wife Sima Yi is only wishful thinking screenwriter director,
I&#39;m not happy these days.
With eating solve
I can not row
How not sleepy sleepy ah ah his face after a good spot is not going to bed early, but not in bed asleep, no longer sleep in bed
Pro, how good your spot
I keep in tune conditioning good, you have spotted it?
Your avatar how not to wear red Network
My head still, ah, you are wrong
Clearly not
Ha ha ha ha. This is my creation net red
Dog abuse
I also Goua
Dog dog abuse is more terrible!
Basin is not too bad, ah wash clothes are crazy ah
I have not scary crazy
Well most people had crazy watching
Sister with black hair and dyed it
7K blue flax is not the last of its home off the bleak yellow before this change of
I used black hair dyed yellow 7K now have bought 6a do not know what color
Add friends chant
Which area are you?
Apple are the same, a few district can all play together
I usually sleep until four o&#39;clock on Sunday also. . .
You are a pig thing?
You do system disorder
Suddenly the message is unable to go. have a test
Where are you going to go wherever it
Go to Xi&#39;an, Yunnan go, come back we&#39;ll meet ah, see what fun outside Italy, hehe
Go to a good play this game I want to remember
You must think ah
Saying Who are you going with?
Whisper,
Are you homesick yet still want to do those dishes
It can be said two wanted
Ok
Happy Birthday Hee hee hee say a few times that I love you
We also meet slightly less than a month!
Mmm! Although you come!
I have a sense of balance
Please pay attention on our small Chang
necessary! must!
Encounter a traffic jam tragedy ah
No, she wanted to catch up with the front of the bike 10 bus
Oh. . .
Why thin cry?
moved
Well - I thought you were actually sad
You have to lean to what extent?
Then lost 10 pounds
Gee!
what&#39;s happenin?
Too thin on
I want to embrace ah fucking matter
It really is not the same
Ha ha ha ha ha you still come back to kill
Ha ha ha ha ha this is not what prompted
It can be said with a hairstyle similar to mobile phone shell
It&#39;s a coincidence
It is a coincidence
Wow
Waiting for candy. . .
You read it in Shaoxing
Right ah right ah
I told you the same school
Oh, good. The addition of an old classmate
I do not think two people get married is a way, if you can get married in the future, I would not necessarily choose to get married.
But if the future can be married or recommend this once, after all, this is your proper protection. Although just to talk but there will be a day
Lifetime series
People can not find also eager to talk and laugh together ha ha ha nothing. The world is too big can not control
Like myself
You are going to feel lonely life ha ha ha
maybe
You are on a relationship hurt much worse
Been hurt, but I do not wish to accept others.
He points to you and peace is good but you have to accept a new way to make their own solitude of their own self-styled bad.
Tigers how the game did not come out recently
December 17, Nanning game, immediately the
When to watch, cheer
Early into the next good
Recently I discovered he shot the movie more and more
Is it not good?
It does not matter
Not find a job?
I am a little fairy job
Decent work?
Otherwise, I go oh Street Station
You hear me out, because you are the top ten, so the luck going back a little
That you do first
The heavy topic do not talk. .
The bridge across the mighty water well
Cultural relic
Or Star Attractions
The reason&#39;d like to comment that I look into your name, an old ........
This is indeed a dog word.
Then I thought it would not read foal
Really anxious ...
Haha, eat
I want to get some sleep
Oh, slackers are few, and not to eat, eat sleep chant
Upstairs has been drilled wall
Oh, no, still drill
Is the game! A big weekend
Do not make people quiet big weekend
The reason is that cry all you bitch about, ah, right you are scolded cried This is everyone&#39;s experience
So. Just think she just works trending news on this matter have little to say on passing
Ha ha ha In fact, I was passing
See is fate, sending you a
Have your baby pull the black
I try to pull the black you are not friends
Well, in my heart I pulled the black!
You black-hearted person
Young Well! !
Young should not just emotion.
That was my old ...
Even not only send text messages often send e-mail, ha ha
Is not it! It is easy to trouble. Min Min in particular, do not take your car to engage in this oh!
When a person themselves, but are generally open the far right lane, they would know that this habit must be changed, but saw a number of urgent messages have the urge to immediately destroy
This is indeed understandable, but still want safety first ah.
how tall?
168
Estimated that almost
I am a bit of meat, clothing is loose it?
Not fat on the line
If people also supposed lovers?
Haha, called the Friends of the base
Haha, so, decisive send blessings. .
Maybe all my fellow ~ so funny, ha ha ~
I was careful to report it
Afraid uh
That, to me in awe Kazakhstan, but here in my small handle
Wait.
I would also like to see men and women sleep sleep there is no difference seeking photo
. . . The first time I went really opened the door I was smoked out. . . . That is, smelly mess. . . .
This place can produce scholar it?
Haha, just to live it is one of his few good ah ~ which is particularly cute ~
Accounting PubMed important to you
Qualifications are important at all times, despite accounting needs practice, but PubMed let you get a better chance
World War I failed, I do not know whether or not the Second World War, something was too painful, but because something was delayed a lot of things
After all, it was only counseling only to beep at this level behind beep, my spirit Bobo bo.
I hate on the surface of a harmless look like I have nothing to do. .
In fact, the surface may also be quite harmful, after all, your eyes sting
Now it seems an easy ah! Lei also ask you to come forward, she said you can not send it so fast, look down upon you!
I said she could not send photos. really. . She refrained not
And so on to send him to college when I re-sent.
&lt;Dad I&#39;m back&gt;?
It appeared first in the move
Weighs you! ! !
I am a bad person -
birthday?
My son&#39;s birthday
Congratulations, happy birthday
Thanks
Happy place to stay in Wonderland, sad mood melted
There are good mood
Lyrics to drop ~ Eason Chan&#39;s &quot;praise.&quot; This song is pretty good, especially the lyrics.
Have time to listen to the next
Ha ha ha, Ouyang has been promoted to the lid of the round
The lid is round,
Larger and more round
Meet impress especially embarrassing
Would meet every day, sometimes more than once, just look at each other, pretending it does not matter on the surface, but inside like a knife
Yes Yes
You want to play on the computer to a few?
= T = I was waiting for the sound source. T
Ge&#39;s new song?
What is the future standard daughter
Connaught like a gentle girl
Snow is so cute like a child
Tired of playing
Brother stay with it!
I will not ah, but ran two steps without panting
Under the audience field.
Haha
(Looking at the things we learn is like a department
Some of my very strange lesson on
This is our contemporary
I can not bag check it
Phone battery died it! Just go home. Come wow you, you, who do cleaning
Oh that you wait wow!
Porsche Design sunglasses are also thousands of pieces ah, for fear that you have misunderstood what a luxury it
I have no misconceptions about luxury goods, but, as a luxury, materials or design, you gotta make up a bar
LV Pidai that there is Design?
Resent
I envy jealous hate
I was sad, and then come back to nest nearby home. . Mold out
I have sun ah sun every day, or else they are blowing air conditioning headache. . . The two arms are
So you first love at school
Do not feel quite well &#39;written on reading
Haha.
I&#39;m not sad ...
Cried Well!
Put it in the past
Come and help me with my homework
You are so poor I can only see your past job or make the effort to fill the job yourself Teenager Teenager
You let a tinkling se
Ha ha ha caught the opportunity I have to se Asia and Europe more than a few
mock up! I just boast a classmate of my paintings, full of power, ah, take a break and continue painting! !
Show me and I will give you power powertrain
Ready all night ... ...
Want to know motorcycle configuration
Water-cooled 300cc single-cylinder four stroke, four forward a reverse, partial three motorcycle difficult to tune, while a flat tire for me to eat up
How about some workshop out of 750
In December it sold 750 new Yangtze River, the Yangtze River with the name of the spring 650 engine, wait
Estimated price Oh, I think that the workshop looked great, I do not know how kind of machine, or wait and bar
How small candle makes me a little cautious and feel uncomfortable
The teacher is not often compared to a candle it
Ah right ah I want more
Ha ha ha, a look that is more sleep.
And I did not cry much whining
nightmare?
Reality Blessings
I have nightmares will not cry unless it is tragic drama
Until next time baby
quickly
After completely stay away
You really can
Kicking a ball relax
No one here to play
How so rubbish, people do not play!
All girls ah
Public asked to see the companion way
There is no photograph that is not
Do not take things too hard, life is good.
Xueting na ~ ~ ~ also stay up late OCD it ·
A little bit, but? who are you?
Did not say
Then sleep, good night
good Morning
That would be a faster Good afternoon
You too thin is set off, I still very thin it?
In fact, I live two hundred kilos, this is my ps himself
ps technology is good, ah, look at real representation.
Why should I say a word
Only pigs will squeak is heard, so I do not know why you want to say a word!
I did not squeak, squeak of you.
Honey, when you cook eggs. Cold water with salt, then add the egg wash, so the eggs do not cook crack. After cooking, the eggs immediately into ice water inside the bubble a few minutes, then peel and then peel is very good coming!
Da good, thank you, next time like myself shelling
You&#39;re welcome Oh, dear!
I like the white shadow of the moon, where the sale ah bloggers
You go to Soso, should not be much. I breed is also very small, looks very slow.
Because I&#39;m not familiar with, afraid fooled, but I believe you ah. I handle every day you doubts for everyone in the group Kou Kou, nice!
Where I put this picture in turn pulls the gdp lot of people go there to buy stickers to me, but not right edition
So yeah bloggers, or do you sell to me c&#39;est safest, certainly not shoddy version of it, seeking to sell, seek to sell Aberdeen!
Aberdeen is small, you can not raise, raised the point to give it
Woman you graduate? !
Haha, Forget it, I&#39;m going to walk into the community, you have to teach me Oh. . .
You graduated early Ma - what you need me to teach you so good ah
I went to see, and really think he is very perfunctory, as well as those of you who engage in intelligence, people came to attack bloggers, others said that estimate is cold, also made remarks made, is that you have to come tangled, his detractors say
You said he was not dedicated! It is not dedicated, OK!
Why minimum notice are not, you do not say the organizers of the problem, because these he can put forward
? Han did not notice? Who did not notice
You say to yourself like a high IQ, as if the quality is good, but also come here to fight, so you&#39;re talking about others but also to think about their own
95 years of experience aunt still love you
95 years of small meat still hopeful
Or have a dream
In case found
Wake up to sleep
long time no see!
Ok! Really. . . how it&#39;s been lately?
Except ruthless busy okay!
Right away? I recently busy
He began to study photography, to catch up with the peak period
I walked this road
Acridine aunt did not sweep the morning when Bauhinia School Road most beautiful ... a bit like a red carpet, flowers falling down from time to time
Really romantic
After a romantic reality Yeah, acridine aunt will be very early to sweep the flower ...
This stuff is not high alcohol content should it
I would blush with a drink of alcohol
What do you estimate is allergic to alcohol
Are you married remember to send me an invitation
definitely
Ha ha ha, I can find a reason for a visit to Lanzhou
But you may be much, and so the
Thank you pony teacher! Meet the venue this year to continue
it is good! ! (I hope they can between tea の
Well ... ... ... ... ... in fact I
Birth of a child will be responsible, I hope you agree
Many giant baby or get married and have children. . In order to continue the family line and have children is incalculable. . It was not until the age of the children, rather than already has a certain capacity. .
Chinese New Year this year, with a lot of my age, a year older, married engaged children, I am 99 years
Where is the money?
&#39;Studied yet how much money really want to go is not afraid of no money
I really have no money. .
One week can not wash your hair rolled into three days without shampooing it
I would like to know if there is
I would like to give you up to know
But not to eat such a large box to send only half full no wonder slow ~ good volume accounts for air transport is not worth it
I had to buy something, and later found small post office box fit, can only be used in a number of
That should buy something to eat stuffed
The next opportunity will be stuffed! In fact, the post office is charged by weight of!
Years is the knife
Knife knife he carved into a face pack
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha I laugh fried ha ha ha ha
You&#39;d love to say ah also have so many choose not to mention the 2 dollars an ice cream it? Good little pudding for what you do not eat green beans do not want to eat the cake
Suffice it to say I love you hello lovely
I know that because of you will remember that memorable day Verge
I came here to invite you to dinner
I want it to be dead run
In this way you will be more stronger and more handsome
Ah did not drink much to faint whirring
Good drink, like drinks ...
Than ordinary wine is to drink a little
That looked pretty good bean sprouts
Very good. ! You come back to your meal advanced home cooking
Oh, oh la la, this time I have to go back and learn to cook.
Just a pigeon just, peaceful, beautiful even if
Oh so expect to see it the word
Not think of meat?
I have not tried. . .
Do you want to catch, stew?
Haha too cruel
Do not you usually do not eat meat?
Not eaten pigeons
So, after try the matter
How to prevent the braces face ah
Eat ~ round face opportunities do not appear to face braces
Recent stomach unpalatable less. depressed
Almost did not recognize you
Haha, no one is inside me ah! ! You do not even know me! ! Pull too disappointed! ! !
No way
How are you?
A pass by without it, just lucky. . .
so good? Those shoulder line good to recognize it?
Very good recognition of what,,, the key is you know it, you do not know it. . .
Teenager just got off work, right
Now, 24 hours did not contact the bar.
Give time to calm down na
Na. . I now feel cool to the freezing point. .
Jie cold weather, over two days to warm up
But I&#39;m cold cold. .
Summon Xianxian sister
She Oh. . Estimated just get up. .
Oh, so handsome Qian Qian, House floor, there are wood artwork
Today hair too much, unable to go. You dd me, you can send a
thank you
Opened the way how about the old man&#39;s concert tickets
who is it
Jacky brother ah
Haha, you know ah
Height 16 years old?
do not Cry
Ha ha ha ha immediately wipe the tears!
Well I decided to call you again
To seascape or Venice I do not know ah
Where do you think a good deal on where to go slightly
Then it Seaview
Around the circle you want to eat Korean food is not to say it
whatever
Minded little friends
Why do not you make a choice assertive people have dyslexia assertive and more cruel
Well seniors seniors Hello ~ professional
Mechanical and electrical engineering How about you?
Mathematics and Applied Mathematics
Good horror of professional! ! !
Hey my favorite professional -
Hand is still my love
Table adhere to give up hand-made ah interest in life
Ah ~
fire. . . I am a stone as his father. .
Yesterday, playing out a hair from the fork are slightly!
Give yourself a bath not a stone?
They are washed out, washed times. . . Personal exhausted! Do not let yourself dry hair must be dry!
You do not love Poor Uncle
You wait, there&#39;s Uncle
Well, lifetime, and your wine tree diagram
Term of office soon to. Do not worry.
I was not anxious to hurry the end, I think the time is too fast, could not bear here.
Really it is.
Go go. I have touched pro ...
Well, grow up yet.
You continue to disappear ha ...
These words I CRY
Instant you turn 26 years old
You 30
Ah aunt, what do you say?
Aunt who called?
Shower was comfortable in?
Kazakhstan is, you have not been spread?
night shift
That up so early, the weather and more suited to sleep
can not fall asleep
Johnson Express
Sister also faster Ha
Blessings fun last night it?
Hi quite Oh
Last look really thin .... .... found that coffee Fei lost a lot ..
I just found this girl does not know how to become a voice still so familiar, the result is really her know her name
Well ... I have to refuel inspirational Less
Actually, I think she is more chubby delight voice is very special, but to lose weight is a good thing for health
It is. Before really fat ..
After a night in the past and have not love to do this bald
Daughter of right and wrong is still wrong dashing smile offer all kinds of grudges you like my brother song
Correct!
So you reply to my word
Well, I do not know spade now say good night ~
Not mean talk tomorrow
I did not get married for money, give away a wife, ha ha
If you start to say 21 million and is really nothing to be angry, primarily behind the increase in the money twice,
I feel much better 210 000
Stay up, the heart of what it fine
I was still standing And there was a good great
Haha, you are so narcissistic it ye
I mean really, ah, what a great thing to stay up late to get up early
I is greater than your
Portrait little too much like you.
Ah ha ha is me! !
how did you make it?
University teacher also change jobs?
correct
terrible
Injured leg understand the next
Ha ha ha ha too old too hurt
After more than chance it
I am very sad, please do not praise
Do contests with his family, like a prescription like
Okay, all right now,
I&#39;m a heavy rain to go
Moderate rain to sun feel different circumstances
When I yo
Tanabata I know that a meteor or go to bed unromantic unromantic ah
Also, recently lost a little Zhen Huan that. . . I prefer to speak with the accent. .
No wonder I feel a bit like that tune
The boss is not lazy
I did not leave the ah ah
I said Baidu network disk
Reasonable, the boss did not staring lazy
Brother can you see me I do today knife scraped the bone pain quickly cry out for days not seen you miss even a thought in my eyes with his brother Ya&#39;an Ya&#39;an strong general
Low-key
I did not cry just too much sand lost eyes
Woke up this morning I silently along again multiplication formulas
Ha ha ha, do this whole useless
Immediately afraid of your question, and
Sleep sleep
Good night
Drink so much that you hit it directly into the hospital!
Ha ah I admitted the mistake. Meow ~
Mistakes and turn it to live up fast D good friends ...
Well I&#39;ve just finished lunch
I have been mutilated in the World
What will happen if there is no cell phone
Often meet
Anxious now to get you all about the
Now you really go with freshman ah? I can not sleep sleepy ah
I really ah duty this week in and week waiting for 8:00 to come up three points on the up and so they do not know there is no real increase volunteer service, but very interesting
That&#39;s good ah ah
We have the ability to stay up all night to say good to say you might as well go downstairs to access school brother to get rid of loneliness
And we have not learned Department younger brother how you have to pick up my new life on the right
Your heart wide points good. Teachers who I am, ha ha
Old iron, I would like to ask the Chinese New Year that a few days later than when it is a group of metro
Temporarily delay notification is not received, the same income class time oh
Okay thank you
You can only read the one-sided news network and other mainland media
You can only play typing on a phone that does not exist seize the opportunity to find your poor sense of superiority
Hate really cool
My wish is: world peace!
Recommended own
Seeking mouth Red No.
No. ysl7 Lip Glaze
Or desert and wolves hold together, then the text of her mentally handicapped who see
She did not read the text
High school when she saw the boat straight, then did not see how she wrote the text, then come back later to write, more mentally, as if to sell Meng&#39;s words are more than text, writing her first silent, then hate her character. Show off their wealth Hyun everything, if she put her scheming to have the idea to write the text, so she will not have to hate
So sister recommended to me what color number okay?
Well there is a younger brother of objects
First recommendation
First find objects
Loud noise, and someone crush your confession?
Not ah,,, this is what&#39;s also the crush ah
That&#39;s what happens, do not sleep so late,? I want to be immortal Meme
You do not sleep so late it is
That is because I want you
Under this book is greatly ask what brand it
Is hundred stores to buy
Thank you greatly
Middle class suddenly thought too sleepy side sleep while taking notes and then woke up, it was found written Martian
Oh, I do not even know
The Earth people do not know haha
Brother John, take care of yourself but also help to look after our flower Oh, the flower is a hardship to get up, life is difficult to take care of themselves, his thoughts drifted from time to time, children love to eat meat, you good.
Pro, ask where they went? Do ah?
A reality show mango, brought her sister to travel, the introduction of Korean programs
You want to become the end of the past come back Sand Sculpture
Why?
Yeah northwest
Is not it
A pair of skateboard shoes in your memory?
Not sandals?
Skateboard shoes fashion only the most fashionable sandals fashion what the hell
Almost no good
Why not just good actor
It was really like after the white, I felt sorry for him, it is only the last of the last, can only say that they are very unfortunate people, the fate distorted, if have to say good, I think it is the police, or the story other people walking in the sun
Which school are you in?
Nanchang Institute of Technology
Too far. Otherwise in the past to find you
. . . what. . I do not know you ah. .
Who provides. Only knowledge can find. Do all your friends born with it?
Worse
Hey. Open big joke feel
I stole seven seals book a variety of hand disability, but finally I was the man for me to find someone to steal votes of 23333
Hand disabled + 1, running the evening went to a collapse did not before, and the beginning of time people have to hurry into the hands than anyone else ... ...
At that time wanted to finish is over! Until now do Beauty map, I know, but after all, is run
I do not mind the pizza back to me tomorrow
I ate today
But wake up early enough
Bed early
broke up?
You know what is? Divided world affairs for a long time together for a long minute
Which I do not know -
Men experienced the vicissitudes of ah
talk about me?
Not you who else Ah. . .
I have not suffered a lot
Zhuangzhuang trained in preparation for the festival about goldfish yet
My little hammer to her chest chest
Each other hammer? ? ? ?
The non-favorite, try chanting Weizhou
Oh, you should have to ask
Well set? Where to go
Not yet still entangled
Zhengzhou six windy today, I,,,, messy hairstyle friends
Wind to blow you again, for a haircut in a different mood ~
Today, the wind stopped it
Kidney cook brown sugar, ginger, your stomach really hurt?
Food goods ah, suddenly want to eat that told him to get
Sun of happiness shameful ah
In fact, the focus is that this is the first time he cook
I never had it at our house
Are you still sweet cherry sweet cherry sweet sweet you you the whole world
So how do you speak
Haha like you would speak
I ask if this person is mentally ill people? Facilities healthy people can go, this is a normal person, the next time you can guarantee mentally ill people do not go. Zoo defense facilities are not perfect, protection mechanisms are inadequate, people of course is wrong, do no wrong zoo?
Your mind can let water pour out of the global sea level rise of one meter
It suits you
Papan what they want to eat and you have to eat too much fat mentally young
Please give me a fat
immediately
Three fairy
I want to make Mahjong
Bring gambling money
128 Fan of you I quietly
You do not go to work that? At any time during the day are dating
My morning thiophene, is a very envious! Haha
Or in the original there?
Concert mother finally found a toe
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha what kind of short Caesar
Short Fat
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha I
What you lose weight?
I am sick
.... what happened to you… …
Haha baby back around it? It is said that jet lag is particularly important time to eat
Unfortunately, the back is sitting all day long, including now. . .
Giant hard! Not easy to earn money toy!
Ok. . . But thirty years old still have to pay attention to the body, not tired yesterday to play back almost a car accident.
The time difference and exercise can not stand ah, rest a good exercise ~
Ah, in fact, the movement is mainly to jet lag, or sleep. Will finish off work
I just go to the gym also going to let you ask me to drink milk tea it hum
That chant to call me.
Telephone charges are too expensive.
Oh, that I can help you save on calls when you drink the tea.
Ha ha ha ha ha. Friends do.
That broke up, as if the common good we suddenly lose each other, as if the sad loss of breath, hangover, did not sleep a night, received his hair still refused to make peace fooling the next morning. Eyes swollen from crying, and my heart those who remember his good more pain. After a person to say the field trip stay away, nap will be awakened by heartburn. She woke up to find his eyes still hanging tears. This is the most tragic love nothing came of distressed
Not to praise
Ah, compiled very hard
You go to sleep!
I went to sleep and catch ...
Shuishui more healthy ah
This time could not sleep and nobody to play with me ...
There is a documentary called Road noodles
Your school cafeteria meal can
Clean and affordable, the key is especially good, he is not a unified Which contracting companies have contracted canteen, but each window units! ! Very rich, I am not willing to graduate
Do you sleep
Sleep, how?
... ... I still have not seen do far and sea boundaries 2333
7 main level level on the line
Ok
Drink plenty of water can do whitening
You white you teach experience points
Spicy food and more and more and more and more sun stay up all night playing mobile phone
When I came back over beaten
Oh, I will go out on Saturday to sell once the insurance when there is a map
Watch your
A bit empty
Your daddy Terrific! Haha
While playing games with children while sometimes children also take a look at the computer screen ...
Innocent eyes good Meng ah
Go to bed early can grow taller?
It may be 23:00 to 1:00 sleep can grow taller
I slept had no sleep before midnight every day.
What cat ass that?
Pussy ass people say this all hands, Za Za whirring things unsafe
This ah ~
Others tell him ... I do not ...
thank you
October aurora have it?
September of this year seems to have friends
Wow, too spectacular friends
Who really low-key birthday ah
My girlfriend
Whoops, oh sweet
It must
You you you did not marry the boy ..... Do not say these three words
Why. . .
You ashamed
Although I am just 18 but also adult, ah, I can say
I&#39;m sorry I lost I could not go on but please do remember my blessing
To menopause. . . Need more sleep ~
I also think, ah Beijing Normal University campus is just a thing? where is it?
There is only one. . . Xinjiekouwai on the street. . .
Well into the subway?
No. . Public transport. . .
Then let&#39;s say the line is the one I go to bed
Sleep sleep
That piece of rubber is used up what mood it?
I never run over a rubber
I have not been exhausted. Use half of the rubber always missing at the appropriate time.
Getting married is more than emotion
Haha, yes
Fear of Marriage marriage will be on
Well we do not have premarital
I did not fear premarital ah totally looking forward to it! Married to strange, strange temper!
Look at my eyes children that give small public find it too!
I also despise her!
That gave her to me, Anke dime a dozen!
I saw SLR, ah,
He got it, sister of the new stuff
The rich! ! ! Small fresh! ! !
Home to the United States and you get a photo ~ ~
Go ahead tell my brother duo text message back to her friends
Xi yo ~ ~ She said she knew
Cut, we are the lowest undergraduate, graduate or is, are all of you Doctor? Funny
What school?
Different schools, all major universities
Lovely flowers
Yes, ah do not know what, I feel a bit like a dense camellias but I suspect that that we really live it
No matter what flowers look good on the line
Haha
Dan, our whole point of the song recently on the line chanting, recently back in a kind of feeling meow ... ...
Our table in the song is the most recent in 2004
Urged station, the whole point of 2012 drops, which blanket almost apocalyptic 2004 song too old ...
Joe struggle
Yo no way to live
Remote hug you refuel
Please return of cancer like meals
To say
Concern you
I also look at Rimpau photos
Not on a mobile phone
55555-- you do not love me
How &#39;Ah love you
You paralysis.
Hello, You have been the reply automatically shield
Do not funny.
Old West lazy?
Warm stupid teacher this section no class
Be careful principals behind you
Good news continued daily
This year will be even better!
That is!
To seek collective
Buy it
Probably also shipping oh
Aung I&#39;m about to be whole crazy
Yesterday I fell asleep ... ... today you certainly sleep well do not you give me more than eleven honestly put down the phone to sleep
Well, I have friends stay up late obsessive-compulsive disorder
Ban spend
You have not seen in my class who turns out I took classes
Seen
Text reminders can do?
I thought no one vacation time to make up the lost manuscript are next week
Mmm
I looked at these hungry. Too cold outside but I do not want to go out
Keep warm Oh Xiaoyu
Good, I definitely put myself wrapped warm. Do not worry
Mmm nice weekend
We are also a junior counselor a year to read just read out in two months internship
I feel they are playing good for a one week, the last time he pulled a woman I thought it was his girlfriend, results of a question is counselor
That we have not
Hey, for the counselor appeared only in my dreams
Haha
You thought about ~ Zhao Shushu can be induced to beep bo beep bo ~ ~ ~ in receiving radio waves
Boo Boo Beep beep - you got it ~ ~ ~
Received ~ received a ~ I agree you do not go to work tomorrow ~
Horses with God
Tomorrow I will go out to play when you are in the mood with a good play ~
Again showing off smell ~ ~
No showing off ah ~ I just ask what you do not need? I can help you bring -
Five days of compensatory leave, thank you ~ ~
Smelly show off! ! ! !
Kindly plug hair loss
I have hair loss, hair wax a grasping hand and hair ...
Staying up much blood shortage, it is easy to hair loss
Pro as early as Ann ~
Haha you go again, today I can not let a bully
Amount Amount ... good mood today ... not bully you ...
Children do not attend class?
... I sat in the last row ... not afraid ~
Be careful teacher called up to answer your questions
Why do not you go to work with me in this ... nonsense ...
On ah, I am nobody
Why is nobody ah ...
I just do not mistake me every day to do the work on the line, we are not busy every day, he is sitting with nothing to do, not to play in the mobile phone more boring ah
La La La La ~ That is very good
The only bad thing is there is no rest, go to work every day
... I know the students will play summer work ... come back, have a lot of haggard
Not comfortable to work in the school ah
Honey, here in the next heavy rain. Very cool! Still feel good Chengdu
Come home ... ... Mimi weather ah!
Dear raining, again! You&#39;re off today or tomorrow.
People are big legs, okay!! Great!! Long!! Legs!!!
Do not care about that! some! fine! Day! , Otherwise how do you say
This is also how to do so late, wash sleep
Washing of all. Bye. I went to sleep chant
I accept all blame, I have done well place, as my students, seeking not blame them.
This is your place a despicable - - people obviously boast in your students, but you insist it is strange; obviously your students to protect you, you are a &quot;sacrifice themselves to protect the students&#39; attitude.
Check it out best at these mouth gun to the moral attack
Oh, pointed out that a morally corrupt person where immorality is called &quot;morally offensive&quot;? It seems you need a little &quot;intelligence attack&quot;
Then give me some so-called IQ attack, OK?
Your presence itself it wants to ... ... do not blame you ... ...
I know this, please point to open holes in the brain?
I knew you would say &quot;I know&quot;, to point creative okay?
A creative ah you first, and then I keep
I knew you would say &quot;you first&quot; to have a point IQ okay ~ ~
I knew you would say to you I say, cauldron, I want to do my routine slightly
I knew you would say that you knew I was going to say before you say you are, on the path rogue, how far you want to go with you ~ ~
This and so ah, I stroked a stroke
Old ink Han book ah
Repairman with big God
Repairman is the great God, please ... Shajiao repairman with big God
You will not cry or will not cherish the present one
There is not a former
Maternal-fetal Single Well
Just talked to a good many years, but also more complicated
Miscellaneous complex ... ... ...
Freeze car, I&#39;m going to nursery
I did not say anything! Do you think you consequently say!
Is inappropriate feelings, our own recognized, there is no nostalgia
Quality Zeyang
Properly properly assured in his home buy
When it comes to tea, home coordinates Guangxi, home to people say that tea place as long as possible, to go to the wind (do not know what the wind can go) how can how, as a treasure, as the home of tea is the kind of small workshops themselves squeezed
My own home is squeezed, a pound sold more than 100
Because tea seed can not be less production, less expensive raw materials on, but not cheap labor, so pure tea seed oil is not cheap. . .
To master to hug Well
Do you hold your ugly
I am ugly, but I am very gentle
Peat library How can we allow such a sacred place so you
Hee hee. . More comfortable ah. Do you want to work together.
I like the bed ...
You go aunt that internship?
Yup
Oh, the fun does?
Is not fun..
Oh, how it? You are right internship with Magnolia
I am not wandering around
Ha ha
Chase every day! But also tears every day, along with a little anticlimactic ending sense of feet and think of something tragic happened next in the history of a lot of things I did not feel it&#39;s worth
Holiday at home watching a few episodes middle addicted, and today decided to re-read!
Singular updates to 33 direct me curious to see the text of the story
I want to take a good look!
In fact, I also want to do before the children&#39;s English training industry, and later did not do
I went to test the water it seems only a ~
Come on, you have love, line
Ge afraid to round it
I&#39;m for you to consider
I round up even I fear
This is beeswax?
how much? Russia&#39;s? I see you bought a string of hand
89 or 99 days so special bracelets front of more than two hundred very cheap
Do you know the meaning of it than anything funny
I know everything
Kidding
I miss you
Only to find I&#39;m so bored ... chat with robot &#39;
Well, more than you know and I talk to slightly ~
Just why do not you still want more Bo
Wow, white, love him
I love him
Hug
bored! Ah ah ah ah
Homework calm down! !
Finished
I write!
Walking up together
If I can stay away that is a kind of courage it ..
Yes.
Because it can not do that so yearn
Not not do. You do not want to see the desire to do so
My heart can not stay away otherwise never have made such a talk ..
You can not do more than one person. I can not do it
Is not it also can not do a lot of a lot can be done
The first sentence, bright!
Nayi Ju?
As you do, is love!
Who I want to go to a grilled steak immortality and arranger is jasmine rain
So arranger not forests?
He generally does not like knitting
This is how you, ah? Ride fell?
No rider was knocked electric car
Distressed! Possessor good, and your legs so nice, do not let what left a mark
I&#39;ll make a speedy recovery
I give out this wave Photo
I also give you carve out
Love
White did you start school?
One class begins, textbooks teach Cantonese version, I have not learned
Before the pit too always thought there would be a PEP
Physically and mentally exhausted ah
I &amp; P was built for an experiment, look good? Originally afternoon go out for fun, nice to see you
Okay, I can not go in the afternoon
Afternoon why go? Find a place to go play
dancing class
I also went to the river the afternoon
We go more than two points ah, ah wait an hour to eat black duck
I was there two to three more to go
Waste not drink, drink, and sick
Already sick ...
I have medicine
What a bad cold, pay attention to it.
Good coconut milk at noon, is a bit cold - Thank you
Wood things, early rehabilitation thousand million.
Thank you
Haha, super-Yi have you guys good friends at ease, now that you were not afraid to take the tie-break, before I have to be jealous of
Haha, now we are good friends, ah,
, Right ah, ha ha, you can be closed his partner for her
Haha, right!
Hum
Aha
Hee hee, you have eaten? About to take you to dinner?
I eat shrimp touched her play. She and a friend shopping belt.
Where do you eat with shrimp ah?
You are staying a few numbers?
you guess
One
In fact, I was lonely II
Who then told my aunt my hand and then shake it!
This is what the cafeteria was it?
Lingering Garden canteen, Georgia Park indigenous stay
Look hungry
Dogs eat seafood will be dead
Oh, no, my dog eat them
You get married
Not even if not a month I will not go to the big man v dross
His girlfriend like it!
And other sister also work to brew a cup of black tea you drink
Ha ha ha, nice hair sister
each other! each other
Ati! My family cool overdone
My home air conditioning is broken. Do not mad at me.
My house with really cold, open the windows do not wear pajamas cold!
Do not deceive ourselves friends
I was sitting in the office. . While away.
Or do not go
My friends in the other car, you do not sleep do not sleep
I sleep ah
The snow will not, forget it.
Who&#39;s accurate.
Then next year you still look forward to it.
You see not consider other people can see it.
You say, on TV we have seen before.
You have not seen the TV?
Not seen, how&#39;s.
What Chan Chan
Like the original you do it too thin
I will lean back
After last week I have to Guiyang
Boy, looking to play!
I said I was, since to Guiyang, I would end a week, every day, to work. . .
No! What you say is good? !
I did not understand. . .
IQ is flawed!
Do not eat to hair loss
Then you have to drop the matter Hair
And more afraid of my hair out
Well, I admit I was curious ah, but you do not fire me, oh! !
Do not blame you, I should thank you! ~
Mixed meals it?
Oh, drop a drop. I do not know can not be honored. .
Threatened him, please do not re-open! !
Haha
Is this interesting? Is this interesting?
Yao compiled 11 December 2.0 Deluxe Anniversary Edition Camry ran 95,000 kilometers can be sold for what price?
About 80,000
80000 I sell you a Zeyang?
Something tastes ice heart is warm
Why do so many literary
Hello old days in ad
I just saw! We are preparing to send it to you!
This is what you master graduate ah. . He is not only aware of Xi&#39;an Jiaotong-ah. .
I do not know how old he is, anyway, he is personally say that I was very embarrassed
Haha do not care for him
No, ah, ah you do not tamper with a good rest
Well \ &#39;ha ha \&#39; all right \ &#39;back to find I play this game \&#39;
okay
In their hair
Also learn Rap
Hungry eat dumplings
That sister-in-law to see whether or not to play with
good idea
What are dreams
Be careful expired
Check the packaging to see what the date is, very carefully
Repack, or is the quality of the food, how do I do not believe that the world is a free lunch
Seemingly ordinary family say they are also very cheap meal, taste is also very good
joking with you
I was eating it, so do not ignore it toxic poison
Five minutes later, there is no response
There are ... ... that there is something much and feel uncomfortable stomach
Hou Hou ~ you like B treasure it?
Yup!
耶耶 ~
This group of photos you reminded me one thing
what
I just bought pajamas forget to express gratitude to thank took
。 。
Why not change over the phone
me? It can also be seen, something I have not downloaded it, installed and so on back then.
Mmm
The emperor, received me!
So what more you like?
Lower left 2
I talk to you go to study hall you
you are?
I forgot to put another name
I did not change Remarks
Do not return, then where?
Why not go back to stay in Xi&#39;an
Wow ~ ~ ~ it will afford good
Ready to back. .
Ok.
What do you think they really understand the music? Could not afford to injury is best to listen to it
Do not feel listened to a few first Jacky watched a concert to feel that they know very musical, the song is Jacky music, the same can not afford to hurt the music is not to draw music class.
Song said the injury can not afford to Qian Xue of a grade Ha ha ha, you really wonder a little funny Xue Qian said the accident scene looks like you and me downstairs aunt an aesthetic level
Happy ah!
I think happy every day, do not diet
, Change, change!
Last night I watched a big storm to Sex in the early years of my husband and I feel that life is good hard ah
Husband and a lot of people like you how to do ah
Ah that life more difficult the
When the University of reports you have any memorable experience?
By himself to the university on the northeast, but fortunately encountered people are good da
You go to school very happy Okay northeast
Yeah right, so met are very lovely people
Cut eyes water?
People have been so
Hee hee
sad
India went to eat watermelon!
I guess that lost a lot of girls who are fat
I guess I
Not!
Who is that
Yan Sony
Super envy the job of party pain
operation? I do not know do not know
I mean a lot of work did not travel out of time
I have not done much better you feel bad
I ask you? Who is the coach who is the donkey,
He wants to hate
Old iron, 666
Necessary, a bunch of fiction anime movie waiting for me to see the tainted milk is the slightest interest in me not to mention it, is enough to play six, seven years, and has no interest
FIG brush or brush FIG except
There is Station Street ah
I do not understand why some people will be poisoned ah bathing, bathing nor coal ah, uh uh just a little experience
Some are natural gas fired hot water. . .
Mmm
mutual encouragement
You are not fat.
Fat is okay
Compared with Huyi Jia. . . Unscientific.
You think that the disappearance of
how come. On New Year just blankly.
So I just want to ask you have not bought Mayday concert tickets
755 votes I help you ask?
Ask ah
A few?
2. . .
Ask, must be psychologically prepared, it is estimated fare
Well, why everywhere must increase, accumulate much better heart, I listen
Heartless happiest
Can you really do it
Temporary temporary
Ye the way you
It is also insignificant
Foot Foot Road, quickly said
I have stood up
Feel the same! Or else we open school teacher, launched a boycott campaign
Haha, I would like to do, really, it is not Kai-fu teacher&#39;s fame ah, do not send it up.
This to yes. Only celebrity to drive up ah
Beg your photos
I never take pictures wow
Where, I have a photo
I may be in love
There at the site
go away
I do not say you move bricks
I also made a helmet
Return still teenagers
Or mature and rich it
Are you talking about me
Do it yourself or say that I am
You do not learn electronics?
Long story ah, lost cell phone worse than you! Ugh
To brush machine like, 50, to thousands of mobile phones, OK!
Where to go, ah, there Brush ah, tell us about
Last Saturday night I have just come back ... Grandma Xi&#39;an errands I have waited for you how long you ah
Do not I hot it resistant to you. I recently old and miserable, and in September the province&#39;s SWAT contest it, it has been in training, field training to the field
When are we two so close back then but little distance relationship almost half a year
Come, come, like this one, ha ha. . Youth or to leave traces
I do not like this, Lannei Jia,
Lan Neijia? What does it mean
Tomorrow morning is also a late-night boredom
I am tomorrow and the day after tomorrow
The last one tomorrow yeah
Soon to be frozen to death
Fuzhou cold it. . . . . .
Ending a whole dormitory was cold in cold
Ooo, ooo hum I do not see today has become a small tomato. Exhausted.
Clinging to a small yolk Meme! ! So you have time to rest and see - here we are almost full field ah. . .
I&#39;m here ... super quiet ... not an ordinary deserted
The squad a few years back?
Two years, the family did not plan to let the military back to college, soldier not long, but especially reluctant. I am a soldier may not be earlier than you, 14 years
I have 17 years in September
Then you just even under the ah, the same year my brother and soldiers, I earlier than you do
Will the car is it? Traffic okay? To come during the Spring Festival, more concerned about road conditions for weather
That your car install snow tires yet?
No. What you give is what car
Oh, good, thank you, I wish you a pleasant journey, smoothly
Because the aircraft back to do it, not to say the best day in the diving over not take advantage of it?
18 hours you can, if you have no opportunity to not issue the same day
Well, wait until then to ask you.
Many looked on the Internet, one month 3.4 kg of fat a lot, what is your reaction? Now hypothyroidism ready yet
Almost better. In short hypothyroidism when the most powerful nor fat.
A little bit relieved, thank you
In fact, I quite want to know more sister, the men really reality, they do not want to be too stupid to understand too late
You still eating instant noodles, I had with a man over a period of slag survive on a day of bread, then things I do not want memories ... I can only say that eating a cutting wisdom now blame yourself stupid blind
That is, himself blind, after a long memory
Ok...
Today, in an afternoon listening to your nest song, Ka Bubu we want you
! ! One! ! Thank you! !
Although you see today recorded a new song, but Ka Bubu, we have to listen to live ah ah ah ah! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
= =. . amount
So my hair windblown like it Scar
Do not bully Egg
Do you think I bullied balls it
Have! Why do not you shoot balls
Egg was leaked photo of what I can easily
Can definitely
My mother asked me how old you are. . I should say one year younger than me. . she was
Painful realization
You look too young
I&#39;m leaving the mature route
Sound silly do not know what&#39;s the difference
3D surround ah you certainly did not bring headphones to listen to
What with headphones, external audio
Of course, outside the sound did not come out
Because she is stupid babe
Hold back and hold back do not say, sometimes harder to do than to say
I understand that a trace is unwilling and could not help but feel that we want to let go, even if we do say that the reason already told us what results ...
Yes it is
Parents also are somewhat resonance, angry
Now also rose less than the other, at most, when the family would not let her. Then behind the chatter.
This moth to be feeling what penalties it, just had to let the correct people&#39;s old lady, now the country has elderly people falsely event, Had sentenced about who would be willing to follow the correct people? They, too, nobody will not follow the example of what other people do, silently out things no one would know
This money does not matter, is the behavior, not rise so heavy
Who knows what the future of it and take preventive measures now, do not continue to follow someone do such harm to society what it? As long as this idea is very easy, anyway, I was still suffering children
You also cut so thin Gesha strength?
thin. . . You never had a sister paper is really thin ah
I did not ask you what good it
Wong Kee Huang
Nine at night and with Cui
In vain -
Goodbye
I am a good citizen universally. . . I do not understand what you said. .
I like Yuki Makoto, tell us about it.
I went back looking through the night Description = =
Yuki Makoto ... you know ...
Hey, believe it points to forward a ~ I have brain automatically fill your idea now of
Really believe it? You finished
I&#39;m alive and well, why finished
I was slightly envious
You are grievances
I am a girl strength gas
Wheat color, good-looking you little sister?
All my ah
I did not see it ah
Came back with a come for me to eat, I&#39;ll take the bar, own choice, just ~ ~ ~
Then you lose, ah took me to a bar to one or two thousand. . Eat better
So I say casually.
Seafood can not be okay with the pro
Do not understand such a big cylinder was raised much pet fish ah
Yang crocodile
real or fake
The left cylinder raising crocodiles, the right tank keeping dolphins, swimming baths to keep the remaining four-cylinder Han
Congratulations
Come back to me Chuichui
I&#39;m also looking for someone to pinch the foot
The body is all the capital, raging too much pressure ...
Or your medicine cured my cold, ha ha ha, Thanksgiving Meme da
Tokyo next month to go, what I want to then take, hee hee
Highlights face it
envy?
Not at all
You pretend to reporters? They do not feel the age wrong ah!
I say that they are friends of the school TV station. . Le also out of cell phone recordings. . The main is to have the votes, but could not get late of an unwise move
Really powerful ah! If I could just stuck on the outside!
Zhaohuaxishi super nice
The main are free
Some money
Oh, the embarrassment
In fact, you kinda feel bad, a commentary from 7:00 to 11:00, the whole stand, pause the game and some dogs biting you. Free time, eat well, rest
Wow explanation is standing ah! !
Uh ... ... Is not it? Could it be I am wrong?
I do not know ... ... I always thought it was sitting
lovely
Ah ha ha ha ha ha ha thank to join in!
Straight talk
do not know yet? How you live where? ?
Project Department lived it, or where I can live
You own a house? ?
Said to be moved to a, that is not come yet
If I did not want to rub a few days where it!
You pull something to prepare?
Might be perhaps without
You should come first find a small room youth, and then say another
Do not worry! I have a place
There really fake ah I said
Of course, the really
yourself?
Others do!
I said to rob How about you
Robbery? ? I have it so bad?
My new phone ah, glass broke, struggling to see anything, I feel bad Mao Yeye
Heartache
Pain to be unable to breathe!
Another screen slightly
Grasp happiness
Thank you, Kazakhstan will
Together, they can be very easy, cherish it
Blessings
Large S and small S is to marry well than anyone else. Small S said her wedding ring big S is not big.
They both married well, her mother liked. Especially admired
Look, over 40 days of flash marriage, how long it can sustain, not to make a joke.
The bread we eat at home two days! Breakfast and afternoon tea and soon the two men to get rid of!
Our family likes to eat bread. You greedy saliva I fell off.
Haha, unfortunately you live too far away, otherwise I do for you to eat!
Where
Small post plug
Fun! I&#39;m not shouting numerous!
Good mayor I will try to put you twisted into a twist
Tyrant, you are the hope of the children Zancun
Ha ha ha ha ha I think you are a bit float
In fact, the truth is that you are getting fat, but I chase the little husband
Wholesale raincoat to sell!
Wow! ! ! Then you go ~ ~ ~! Oh I remember the open-air venue? ? ?
Looks like there is a stadium grandstand seats above the roof
So we do is not affected
Good aunt, aunt goodbye!
Next to Uncle play! Do not give me the New Year, you worthy of me?
Aunt Happy New Year, hoping aunt getting younger, more beautiful, I hope aunt early to marry off their own
Thank you, uncle, Yu even skin, your father know about this?
Write nice words
I have always said so
Like me so visionary haha
... My vision has always been good!
Lanzhou lot of smoke inside the roll paper
Yes, ah do not you go to the king?
go with! You want to take me about you not?
Then you came to wear less I like to wear less
I can wear more off a little bit afraid of fart ah
What do you like me wore a lace lace
Because Tzengtsu dibble oysters are false, they are oysters. And most of the seafood is not fresh, and unpalatable. In addition to more people, or many people. June Xiamen, simply can not get out during the day, have no place to go.
Locals go to eat authentic island seafood
Xiamen Environmental scenery really good, the scenery is directed to Xiamen to go. As for seafood, I still prefer to go to Xiapu, over there in the row directly above the fish scooped cook and eat, very fresh, but also on eating boiled fish in the top row, looking at the beach, particularly well.
Chased count the individual?
of course. If your buddy there are urban children
Your buddy in the police, we can not curse?
I have a really good buddy in the police. While you because I began to criticize police
You fly side by side with the sun
I do not, clean surge, not in cahoots with Haier
I&#39;m out of clean unstained
This is your style I would also like to send a praise this autumn blue heinous, we did not expect you to skip winter
This style has a hairy root relationship?
Of course, there is the relationship between you, your style is Tucao plus weather some of the scenes, you know
There are so bad?
Well, think about it yourself squatting corner
Super depressing reading
What movie ah
beautiful life
Our best-looking tables and chairs in most of Villa 8 Villa 8 vending machines are machines that universities have not yet Bibei
In our South Mount Hope Vocational and Technical College men only kind of beverage vending machine snacks may not be the school that the boys do not need so many bells and whistles ...
Probably ha ha ha
In addition to what you will eat
Eat not fat is the key
Eat fat is a good friend and you do not break them okay
Be sure to break up, do not let them together! ! !
But I could not do it
A point of intersection. So far meet, no longer meet.
miracle.
Ok,
What is very cool early
Why travel
No, just eat and drink tea
There are so laid-back long wooden Le
Today, the bulk of it should be slightly casual look
Drink tea and read a book in the afternoon
Not bad
Yesterday just bought a book
Wood read the book?
I read the book a while, nap
Oh! Holding the book fell asleep bulk of it
Cry quickly to a toilet bar
Been there
Go to your break once an hour
No older than three zero to shore woke up listening haha
Early in the morning I go again
The children worked hard
You chat with me are not so happy quack,
Why do not you stupid
It seems to be quite justified
save the world
Sister, this is my chatter
Not really -
Thank you…
Congratulations on your graduation ~ ~ ~
Thanks Thanks, it follows that the Nordic trip, I will remember to send you a postcard!
Ouye!
Ha ha ha, you put a little festivity points
You actually like this to me! ! ! !
! ! ! ! That is what you say Well ~
There did not hear it
I heard ~
Lend you touch the cat and then you forget
Come and find me, ha ha
Where do I go to find you, sir!
Whatever you Well! What do. Haha
I went to the ladies room you also find wow?
To do cohabitation
You take care of me ah?
You can raise rice
Cut ... ...
10 dollars can avoid passers-posed picture of the feeling kinda value
Very cost-effective, ha ha
Pretty good
I&#39;m really sorry baby I really did not think it hurt you later want for their own good
He plays the old iron
Anyway, not really
Usually in the bottle big platform live?
Dragon Ball
You can even reply to a large bottle to play it a few flowers in formal clothes line and today the three Hu Hansan often forget that they are stuck in a state epee
Small holiday a few days
I do not have the heart to tell you afraid of hurting you
Seeking child ha ha ~
Ah ... ... you how to cut hair, do not ah
Play wig
Scared me
Sometimes I feel very magical feeling with you to play it really can make a go of the urge to jump Square Dance
After you get married and so I moved quietly next to you to be a Pharaoh
Then honest to jump Square Dance
Head over to attract
Film it
I will
I do not often hear you sing yeah
My dad will not let that nuisance. . .
Haha
Wife get back to the
You know me Zage grams brides
This is the common aspiration I and fried rice, and quickly invited us to discuss the Chijiu
I did not have a girlfriend you hurry to please her
Wow occasional temperament of the girls gave a shot from the side to kill
This screenshot is my favorite, ha ha ha
So beautiful it
Pro, I ask on behalf of Wukong good!
Two brothers good
Parents who tell the master, I was all right in the fairy here! Please be assured learn Go!
U are do you
Yes it is not only the city you do not install it into the city yesterday, the city, like myself
I&#39;m going back in town routines deep rural areas
Although I do not see the wood have wireless but I know you hate to pull again
I found bigger than your face Creature
Goodbye no love for you.
You more lovely
Well still love you
Why the same kind of tender
Chi Pang ah ah you can not see
Haha do you quickly lose weight wood
A point
... next to the university a bit far!
Ok? Today there are active units do
Be strong
Gentle and kind strong and brave right
correct
My exposure I was a small fish in the forest
Lying Green Mile
Parched
Accompany you this evening, who is a pig who ate dinner fine
Ha ha ha ha flower and I just said she went to cook seems to be my girl Pig
Do not give me to eat acridine ~
Wild man out there, oh flower
More than seventy thousand wife
Ha ha ha ha harem of three thousand people beauties, they harem seventy thousand sauce
Ha ha ha ha ha ha very much
They are old ha ha ha ha graduation poly
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha say say old really play no more? ? ? ?
We&#39;ll never before played too old to play no more
Wow Boschniakia glabra sister Terrific!
What time to Beijing, I lived directly
Ha ha ha OK good! Want to go see your warm home
Told me in advance to Beijing
Ha ha ha .... I&#39;m hungry .. next time you can bake a small biscuit
Biscuits have not done yet
I have done several times .. haha barely a success!
That person is you stay up late to read it
My books are common progress and common learning from her that come
The results others progress faster than you, baby are out. You do not go back tonight embarrassed, and the start of the
My aunt came
Good for nothing, the critical moment the ball dropped
I suddenly wanted to read the last brother to ride with hand impulse or you brilliant talent Wushan
Where in Wushan
Wushan Hotel
Female judges temperament is very good, but also very beautiful smile
Foreign girls really good temperament lenses are very confident seen smiling and generous ...
This girl is really special charm gas field
I&#39;m still waiting for you at home little fairy shirt
En and other two samples out of the remaining money to set up
Well because it will receive to travel without a courier I can receive the address before the Mid-Autumn Moon Festival
Mid-Autumn Festival is a day? Dear
September 8 it ~
Wow I have to catch up!
Come on Come on Come on ~
How how it&#39;s going pro, black is gone?
Yesterday I dropped her left, hum
Next time I say that either do not go or take. . .
Haha, this is good attention
This will look good eh wrinkle What is it
Small transparent ah
Have a nice name, I&#39;m blind meat anyway, I breed about two years ago are you a
You are elderly
No, I was poor
Tonight I have to be their own soup.
Ready to do what the soup?
chicken soup
Need to heat your home survive the next time?
Man Manao it, chicken or fish soup.
Middle of the night to drink.
After the National Day to master small maternity leave, no one taught me to help me, and now I have to work trembling of the hands, can not think October
I was after 5:00 busier than at work
Others can not delay from get off work
Eighth day makeup, it&#39;s beautiful!
Finally someone noticed that I love you of the eye makeup
Ha ha ha I also feel so serious
wake up
Hello early
Haha, sleep early so
The inner pot did not break up ... Do not take away the pot ah
Separation can not be half-split the pot guts to find ... it is the Indian woman to buckle under the inner pot of others ...
Strenuous. Do not understand, why quarrel with others
Recently 7p occasionally a night stand down 50%. . . I do not know is not a system problem
You are not to download the 360
360 download What is the relationship ah?
How much is a grasping cake
Six Five, passing through do not miss
You&#39;re so virtuous, making it Huo Xiansen
Not make
Keguan, one day I barbecue, eat it?
Trouble to a dozen
okay
This is a child evacuation wish meters?
It may be a good news!
Oh yes
Seeking introduction
To receive referral fee Oh
Like you said I would seriously
what are you doing? Do not sleep at night?
I&#39;m looking at Variety
Worthy of the name Cattle
Aristocracy aristocrat with book
University seniors to open his own shop sent me so affordable or else it seems the same as seventy to eighty Shige said they did not represent you
Graduate seniors not noble
All you have in your
You recently are not being brainwashed ~ obsession pig Little Pig
Because Little Pig is very cute ah
Oh good, I want to Little Pig
Your son went back to the Western Han read it?
Went back, I took 20 days, the skin too, so returned. Now read small 2 classes. Which class you teach?
I did not go to work these days, a few days ago accidentally fell down, face to hurt her. . Now home to recuperate. . A few days to go to work. . You are now back with his son yet. .
Poor baby, be strong. You&#39;ll be okay. I heard that children are very fond of you. Come on. I&#39;m still in Jiangsu, it is a few days before the festival to come back tomorrow morning and went. Son studying at home, I just want to take next year.
gosh. . . You will also hear kids liked me. . . Ha ha ha. . . real or fake. . . That your son is now placed in the home? You willing to die. .
Yes, parents of a student told me that though you are playing, work is still very responsible drops, say your students are like you.
gosh. . . Haha, as well as parents of students say ah. .
I No. 20 for a good class of &#39;you wait for next week to touch a good situation and then go buy a ticket,&#39; Well you compare recent
We bought tickets move it? The room category?
EMU is not to transfer? The car is not to expensive ah &#39;&#39;? Looks like you can online booking &#39;
So I do not want to graduate school to stay a few weeks
Really want to. I was going to plan!
Ok! ! ! Waiting for you to plan!
The Shandong people do not like to see the Shandong TV do?
Never look at trash television used to have in Shandong Shandong most popular public what little quack Angola
It was Qilu TV. .
Feeling rich chocolate flavor nostrils
Come let aunt hug
We would not let you hold cake cake
I can gossip it?
sure!
who is it
This is not what not find it!
I said Lin update lovely nobody refute it! ! !
refute! To add intelligent
Very intelligent
Hello female one
Daughter knelt No.
One child what ...
Female II
Queen of adults ...
Realistic point chanting promise not to babies over 190 fine, okay?
195 … …
I have not eaten a box of mango-flavored yet
Bad now, a few years?
Not bad last year
Your brother is not always so despise you, you should get used to this
It has risen to a new height of
Slowly adapt to this height
You do not stay up all night New Year&#39;s Eve
I went to bed when Grandpa was eighty have a little
You see these words did not hold back a laugh
Going?
Uh? Who are you?
Goodbye!
It&#39;s you, ah, what to change the name it! I did not recognize them!
Sister complained to them, ha ha ha ha.
stop laughing
How proud
I&#39;ll see you to the end plate elbow, Shige do you think
To longer a bowl of rice would be great
Or rice to the pot
Such selfish escape, go to accompany this estimate can not find people, they do not accept, have chosen to leave
There will be, and there are people willing to follow another person, no matter where she goes, he is willing to go. Are you looking for such a person, I also find such a person. You find male, female I am looking for.
Sound like we can scrape together one pair, ha ha
You might really be! ! ! !
You want to find someone to follow your footsteps, I also want others to follow in my footsteps, we are actually looking for the same person, but not the other -
Where to go for me, can I prefer to follow her.
Ah ah. Much is not out of the month.
Not a month went out several laps jump da ~ tomorrow officially a month
Ha ha ha, great friends. Is not feel free.
He is to be a mother you love
After all, love is the only full years of star
Like-minded
~ Reported. . Good evening ~ Meng Yao sister. .
Hurray night
To hug ~ ~ Oh, a lot of water attached presided over three hours by the throat certainly is hard to say. .
Blessings fierce drink
happy
To cry
Last night you dream ha ha ha
The next heavy snow, where to wave
Oh dinner
So persistent it
Otherwise, this people are free to children ten pounds of meat long?
Daner I did not run, or keep playing
No matter what the sport, as long as activities like
From the professional point of view, a good estimate of your physique
Ah, okay, I like sports
Can hold enough
Since only looked at the rest of the Huai, see of my classmate, the less pleasing to the eye
I expressed the same table with the rest of the Huai River and looks super with him almost like character, is not a school bully
Tease him
Liao has been, never stop
Do not catch a cold
She has a cold
Cold also wear this
I do not know so cold ah go out to know
I&#39;m curious to wear so it will be cold legs
Will go out cold ah
I also did not store the rain guests
You ready to go there, and that time you eat a big meal
When did we all come to it
I myself next week.
After 90 Most have finished the PubMed also under what class. . . After it caters to 00
This was the second year 98
I have 98 good freshman shame
98 freshman normal way
My roommate is 99
Aunt, we are not about
Police sorghum back eyebrow
Oh no!
Instant Karma
your name?
Magical creatures -
I say us your name?
It has been reserved provoke hey ha ha
I care about your traffic, you do not know the traffic is not enough
I flow 14G, should ever use!
Me some
I think not shoot the bottles look better, but do not shoot the bottle will not have that wonderful arc, really tangled issue
All right! Not tangled up! Laid off!
Gung ji gung ji
Health fast!
I wish you all a happy day
Ok
Nice ah, ah no signature
Wood wow at the reception center there, too many people, wood Qucourenao, but was hit in the hazy at the supermarket. . . .
Oh sure there are a lot of people, in hazy Who does not know
Yes ah, when the school saw a lot of people to go toward that direction
Hee hee
Shapingba still has a place like this! ! !
Go next week to see
Quest quest hee hee
So you have more white hair bo
You did not see White Photos
You see the wonder of
Super beautiful sister ah
Chen suddenly feel like you Oh Turin
The first time was so shy that good
You have to shoot product plans and to blur the lens recommendation 55 1.8
Thank you! To buy when the time come to ask you anyway Now you say I do not remember
OK, so you have money
Talented seaweed
Because you do not want to say completely out of line
Jealous of mankind
Hou Hou left left you I guess not
Left roar, you said pinching ~
Oh possible
We love how it? Heard such a word it? Starchaser girls heart is fragile, Starchaser just looking for a spiritual sustenance!
Not happy to tell my brother
whispering sound. . With what you
Good wounding
People have this picture called slag male avatar
Why is it that what terrier, seeking to explain!
The whole network of public comment out
I am extremely greedy gain weight
I was 90 pounds Oh, but you may want to thin, recently no appetite
Your weight is simply benchmark your emotional life, more than the quasi weather forecast
Haha, you know what I
Happy Gesha ah
LangZhong not you happy you back
unhappy
Yes Lo
Go back
You can not see the eyes ah!!
Ok. . . You stay up so late! ! They hide in the yard and play? !
Finished bathing, sleeping immediately drops
Guard against shock yourself something to drink, call reported that a safe, is not go to work tomorrow, ah
Monday!
Yes ah, today, Monday, the right to work
Break up with somebody! Clearly not
I was thin wool ah small can people
What can be scary
Refused interview
Touch ~
Good wretched, where you want to touch
I really think you can feel eggplant box blanket? ?
I feel so too! The first recommendation eggplant box
It seems I level a la carte is also good! !
Do not break up with Luhan it will always be there
He (she) who are sent Luhan
Hey. I&#39;m passers-by. Just to say a big truth
I heard it pull in petty theft to eat eat
We did not eat fish! Eaten!
You are sure to eat fish eat
never heard of that! No!
Short-legged little rough, good night
Not!
Crude is a small short-legged, in order that Papa
I seem to hear someone say not dare to wear short skirts!
I want to do anything Oh, da circle Chacha always support you almost do not think too much of my mother ah, to maintain a good mood oh
I want to return to Shanghai, in addition to the mother could not bear, I really want to go back to Shanghai.
Then come back, put your own ideas to tell Baba Ma Ma, to make the best decision for yourself. If you think back to Shanghai dumplings are good for you, then come back chanting
Most of the night without sleep ~
A brush ~ night before going to bed
good night
You go to work classes
Do you want to sleep sleep?
I want to wash face
Nowadays
Together Happy Birthday
Happy birthday ah
Marry ah
Boss, you are so romantic! Haha
When are you are to marry, let me find you a man Tuoha
He was such a soil, to know where to marry ah
The most beautiful Rhapsody, fireworks and easy cold peach garden
Friends of Friends of the classic poem pleasant lunch
Thank you! Scrawl
Would like cannon sister paper gun can not inadvertently remove the tops of the other two sister paper, before the time to turn away, suddenly torn between lost in a snow-white.
There are three popular so you do
Do not you think the mood of these two scenarios is actually very corresponding right?
do not think so
I do not know who said that when a small table who do not accept boys and girls received only now our house 13 students and ten men and three woman
Mom is not also love to see little meat
Small meat have to be called good looking little meat
Mascot ah Shashi Hou group
After the New Year&#39;s holiday
Oh good hope to have the hand speed!
To grab crazy
Love beans and boyfriend can do both?
My boyfriend does not like three, but then I did not mention in front of him. Too lazy to howling at the moon
Ah Fortunately, I&#39;m single dog
A big fat guy, you have to help him lose some weight.
Correct. 4 months acridine child paper also lose weight.
Poor wanderers
He&#39;s milk when shrug, fist hard look at what to eat when the hand is, I was terrified
I was scared to death after Baidu to their various association ... ... ...
Nothing like a child when the mother is not easy
Yes it is
Drab
You come and help me Seba slightly
I&#39;m looking for someone to help me wash slightly! Humph
You say that I am not the same dirty
How about you I do not like! Four days does not wash
Someone girl&#39;s mind
hahahahahahahahahaha! ! you caught me
I have this amazing insight ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
How to do it! ?
Single mother&#39;s womb intuition
Yesterday, sleep too early, wake up three points once again wake up five points
In class we simply could not be more sleepy
Ruin one day early
When I was there eight days Monday it prompts expired, you count
Looks like I almost expired. . .
Q flies were recently expired
Wow ~ it snow ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ~ where
A few days ago, and I look lady
You also Messire it ~
I was his Husband, hehe
Toner great
Thank you
ps or lr?
Like I could fall asleep
Unfortunately, you do not know
Sleep, goodbye ha ha ha
Good morning nest
Taurus good morning! German team to win friends
See you, the first time I did not buy Football Lottery, although bought in Germany, but does not score
These also pay attention to, ah, I have not bought one yet, what are you to buy a happy ah also very good, oh
When it Experience
Palpitation same 乐
Conjugal love
What on earth is loving
Haha also En Aia
Congratulations my daughter I was born 4 pounds 8 are side cut the pain
Eight pounds eldest son did not lateral. See a doctor or midwife levels
Below that was to make it much born 8 pounds
do what you want to do
While all too late.
Blessings Sunday we go play
Where are you going
Where to buy doll ah? Your home are good doll attract ah ah really want to buy
A friend sent it
A room full of it
No wonder I could not find clothes to find a day, I still fast
For ah I stole was smelly shameless
Next time steal my clothes broken legs!
Also you, then you want to do? So much meat do you wear under
You just meat
Shashi holiday
We have put a dish
! ! ! You do not come back yet
I do not how I see through you photos
I think you will come to this move?
You hurt me enough also confidently
Like only dogs
Dog or a big dog?
like it all
Haha, too strong a big dog
I too do not care about such things back messages from noon to now I did not care
Is there anything turn a bill can not solve it
Effectively do
No rain. How to say island tour
sure. . .
Well, I pay more attention to attention recently. Preliminary might have three right.
To, forwarded to me
A price
Open what price, vulgar, how much money to start with, I forwarded the original price
Into a 500, and you give it 300
You are not stupid
This is good for you I
Ah, well, slaughtered and cooked, indicating that the iron we two very
Yes
Through your relationship, give me an appointment, I also bought
About not on, and it has been the appointment of a
That you give me
Here you are
Before the test civilization point!
I have enough of this civilization, and God will think I am especially virtuous.
Played OK!
Hateful ah, oh how eating fish can not call me, too much
Class dinner
You stay up ah ~ I woke up it
Looking at white night Pupil!
Wards?
Changing workplace
Which station? Many people look oh
Taoranting
We&#39;ll also go there too
Are you doing here?
Units that moved Yeah, you move to a unit that yet?
No, I went over there for some time to exercise
Oh, it is estimated that moved me when you came back ~
When are you coming?
House did not cover it, next to Taoranting subway, you have to reckon how long?
All you move? Or to your department?
I not made my decision yet, a few years after the thing ~
No wonder that ... you buy a house here
You change the CA?
I CA year ...
The driver can quit ah
CA To dig me, even companies close together ...
My husband to know
You are his poison yet
This is love, not drugs
I do not hold anything against you - -
. . . To be honest it does not matter you like me are all the suitors you a little ~
These words should I say to you is it - - I dislike you
Debridement failed
Believe it or not I hit you
Do not believe
You wait for me to go back
I am waiting
Middle of the night to climb your window
Laity on the line, I&#39;ve been watching.
You want to move on after a
We can now look!
Ha ha ha ah response fast enough
look in....
You awake ah! ! !
Sleep during the day for a long time
me too! ! ! Insomnia
I&#39;m not afraid
Then you cow
Haha, it is the cow
White shark brother, seeking bingeing sweets like you can stay in shape method
Exercise every day, doing chemistry problem
I like the chemistry problem, but do not like sports
It will not have a consolidated
Wu Tong advice not to go, the locals
Hang outsiders it? ?
Ukrainian sugar is not all pit tourist area so it just really want to eat quite a bit brisk side can taste Yuet Wah ah or four miles are good
Huh Thank you!
congratulations·
You&#39;re away from the 5 &#39;Nan, then next time you wear at ~
I&#39;m sorry I have something in the body · · · ·
You strip Friends
Always let the first little brother as how other people live it
Quietly tell you the fourth and seemed to be third
Good mulberry heart finals should not be the first
Yes ah my routine
You do not mind me so
With you, there are ten also have a Caribbean friends
Happy
They married less than a year away, and it is to red
You look really ugly
You just ugly
In fact, I care about you hot not hot. But then, the old lover in the end is what
Gee heartless!
I have to care about you hot or not good or bad.
Li Qi who is that?
Meng sister
is it you
You&#39;re
Miserable brother home socks pilling powerful, rather expensive not want to play ball ~
Shu Wen very top black feet. Hurts! Plain better point. Socks twice broken
Oh yeah, very powerful vertical stripes Diaodang
Falling out of love?
I do not love to lose a say so?
So depressed mood recently how ah,?
Good to see sister school
School girl to remember this is to take a camera shot of beauty
I do not care beauty camera does not exist leave me alone when a fan girl
A lot of things are very interesting, she hopes to find a Beijing hukou, when people ask her when she asked did not prepare accounts do not deserve to have love thing? It&#39;s like a lot of girls say that they find a sawed so high that he would find a handsome ugly, say for the sake of the next generation gene. But they do not want high handsome people not to marry non-dwarf gene sake of ugly? In fact both men and women, have good match indeed the truth.
Usually men say
A normal person would think so. None of men and women
Old driver band with me
Fly with you
Old driver read the names oh
Named it that good, liar
What time do you go in the afternoon
You a black screen
On the line, ha ha
You are disciples we lose her music
Hid in the heart of stars
Too cold lock
Residents turned out not to be the next planet, I cried
Good morning
Noon Well ...
Saturday began the day now
Dear Do not worry, I flew to accompany you!
Pro, you reply speed really fast! I leave you so far away ah. . . .
Well not in the Xuanwumen subway more speed!
I&#39;m not Xuanwumen. . . .
Emblem Mountain College, Long Song Long Song Modiu door should face the door it scared
Baby, is not a micro logo
I long song disgrace
Touch, do not cry
Every time the camera are the expression of this gesture
Are you the Fairy ~ ~ ~ ~ ~
Good talk `` `` `` spend any cents
Find. .
`` `I know it is to make you a good talk
Young is good
I guess these days we all bother me, I just think the next record I go up ...
Not bothersome, just a deep envy
you can also
You how the media tree? Kazakhstan has been, so I kind of feel that you have been bought out of the company feels x ha ha! You can also No. 2 back to the original Oh! Now I know! I do not want to think about it a bit later back then?
You go back and clean up early
I went to clean up ... ... messy moment the wind
Let us go back and be able to go a loud sigh: good clean and ah! ! !
what about me? I went back shouted one: good dirty acridine! ?
You can go back and shouting: start it! ! !
Start a ghost! Xiaoqiang to say it? Or in the dinner hall something to say?
When Feifei International
So you promoted promoted ah goddess
I know the younger you are flying several times a Sydney
Not because they went to Guangzhou ...
Oo? Oh, there you can not fly international
Ha ha ha, Smecta how?
Smecta child heart ah! Korean child ratio also
Haha just, please, for example
Chinese New Year back to you slowly Tucao
I like this question asked many times before When did you go back to school? I went back tonight
Ninth in the morning to the afternoon school car probably right
Oh friends
. . . . . . . Goodbye my face only a bird and Fox abandoned because of the large class of thirty are only a male deer slag. . . Speaking all tears
. . . Do not say I went to the build number, plus a wave of friends not
Well I found Xia attack sub
Good good. . . Sakura Spring I will not cut the hand
European gas forever take the opportunity to wish me some
You deranged
I remember you said Ha, after they have sent me a signature
Well, as long as I have, but you do not expect too much, so as not to be disappointed
Ok
Good kids
Ok
Cultivate the flowers
Ok
College entrance examination refueling, a 2013 test scores to force Oh! !
Thank you. The kind of perseverance from the Yu Hao Ming who learned.
Oh, yuhaoming many positive energy spread ~ ~
Well any other egg package we went back to play ~
I just called him today, but also to interview Geming day, I woke up half sleep
A good night sleep huh ~
I went to Hangzhou?
Hangzhou and Ningbo
I had a few days to Ningbo
To see it
There are regular brushing, careful tooth decay.
Who do not know who nobody knows, please do not call to me, please direct the balcony shouting, because I always brush your teeth in expert floor.
Haha, the impression that the world&#39;s second commander often so dry
How much Dalian Maritime
539
Thank you, it was Beijing Chemical
545
Do not you know? Winter solstice to eat dumplings, or will freeze the ears. Oh, my grandmother said.
Frozen ears ah. . . . I got it now. . In fact, every year is to eat just do not know that for this reason ah? Tomorrow you have to remember to eat
Well ... no schools delicious dumplings ... Recently I do not want to eat ...
Secretly can go to the supermarket to buy frozen in the dormitory cook ... ... we often do bad things. . what happened to you
You actually next to my brother
Non-your brother next to me
There is this thing?
It is a must
The words of bath wash it!
I give you the words of a wash made a MMS. .
I did not receive swollen. .
. . This is all in the past three days. . How you should also have received. .
Smoked the ball did not ah
Smoked what will happen? Not smoked, direct hit
Smoked dry weather would otherwise feathers look ah look very crisp on the bad
There are so particular about it
Halo ask the court staff on the line
No staff Aunt Stadium two tubes
That ask other fields it
We also have this book saying we are all in it - three homes back then what?
I am now in class five, so Hospitals ~
Sister school in three shifts instead of before it
It has turned the class
Blanket to go to work
I most want to stay in Ma On Shan.
Ma&#39;anshan fine droplets would stay Come
First collarbone, Happy New Year
New Year you will be getting thinner and thinner, more beautiful, more happy, married, please do not forget me!
Xie Xieji words, but also married early haha
I called the Black what? Eyes did not grow, okay? We will look at the content? Respect your teacher did not teach the word it?
Brush my brother to this layer passers could not stand to carry their own fine passers hate to spend money on a street stand firm said all the company&#39;s pan our poor little aggrieved fine artists do not play back
So I say really so much respect did not argue with do not know it?
Up so early, unlike graduated rhythm
Because long-term habits such friends - maybe I&#39;ll be retired and will continue to work in the kind of guy
great!
Welcome back drink and chat Chedan
And so on are being paid with really Zuobu Qi subway. . .
Refuel
Ask for leave
Hey, if I leave, 5 P was really dead lines wonders ah! ! !
Zhongwei call it a day? ?
Do you have a life
Wang also poor single life. . . .
Only you people,
Everyone has a past, put down, a new start, everything will be OK. Stranger children, refueling.
Insomnia accidentally saw thank you stranger
I have loved being a good person, I did not cherish. Was also hurt by the bad guys, I bought a birthday present for the former eleven years, but separated. Later, by chance I met current boyfriend, although the distance of obstacles. But he hurt me. This year I also spent their own money to help him buy a cake, ask a friend to sing, to send him a gift. It makes me know that is not no good girl in the world, good boy, but no such opportunities last encounter may be the best
Only reason no one understands the feelings of the quasi Who do ... maybe better communication between strangers really appreciate good night
Haha, you know better than me, good morning
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha gosh I really want to know what mood people develop photos
At that time he heard mutters something, this is what ... ...
Paizhuo laugh! LOL
Pretty ugly depends not cause resonates with you so if you have the whole story is the tears can see nothing like watching your own story people will only have to know what &quot;some people miss once it is no longer&quot; the mean
8 years in different places, gradually, found that a person adhere to this feeling, tired tired, but, reluctant to let go! How sad
Perhaps one day he will suddenly realize that you are good, there will always adhere to the results, but if the other side really tired or indifferent, you may be able to try to change along the way, or learn to let go
School time is coming, and away at college, unhappy
Then you must be very happy at home slightly
Ah, yes drops
Aoi it? People together
You&#39;re dead right
He is not heat, ah rub
My sister is you
I say you do not eat
People do not want to call me any
I&#39;ll wait swollen let him help me analyze - of course it is directly on foot!
· Bad day skipping ah
Where escape ah! I went for a long time .. that he himself began boring a palm readers .. I do not run away! Foolish
You really are on the root of the South to buy food to buy it (this problem is really bothering me for a long time, seeking answers)
If you buy carrots, cucumbers and the like is to buy on the root
North also buy baskets also eat ah
I think you will be happy.
Oh Yuan Fang said that I would happy
Be happy ~ ha ha
When you see people take a bath
They wash themselves standing in the hallway to see us
Ha ha ha, is not it. .
I state here eat meat ah, every day, meat snacks for fruit drinks, I have every day in the &quot;do not eat, do not eat expensive, really do not eat&quot; in
Oh, be careful fat
How are fat
I really miss Yantai
Yantai can now wear a skirt, warming up, I&#39;m going back to Qingdao to play
I walked him to become hot. . So kind to me. . . .
Just when you cool thing, but still a little cold at night
Teacher, Xiamen came to play, I give you to drink coffee
You Xiamen ah?
Yes, Mrs. Chang
Well, I must go
where are you
dreaming
Where you&#39;ve seen
No, I&#39;m not sure Dad, how raw, a little taste of it
I&#39;m not sure father, saying that good!
Points you there
11:22
Come home, how do you intend to work
Slowly get back, How about you
not decided
Yo trouble Cech do
Today a man in the bedroom
Calling you you do not go away happy yet
This week is not about mistakes
Great, too gentle macro macro
There is no two-channel sound that is two macros macros
Ha ha ha ha ha is his is his, I only know that infinite tenderness ah ~
... I mean, I play to the computer ... but now I&#39;m in the mountains
But you Hunan even a night train to the ah, very fast
Originally ah! You rich handsome taken a train it
Give you a Like
Do not set a bad example to the strong brother
I strongly Ge Wei Wu domineering handsome
You&#39;re the first woman I refused, interesting
Genius son stupid Mummy
Enough, please! you win!
Thank you
Patroness woman ... ... how you can sleep?
Sleep and sleep wear off
When a female donor so bold
I said that you can wear off sleep and sleep
Train ah? how long.
Motor car, about a half hour
Where, have the motor car, I have not been in the motor car.
Nanchong ah! . .
You&#39;re Nanchong ah.
Nanchong is another stronghold
Changchun snow, see the princess wearing so little, I have goose bumps
Changchun are snow
Yesterday snow day, snow day today of
Is not it, all of the
I wish a happy journey to ~
I wish you happy every day, a smooth journey!
Thank you, good drop ~
The moon little moon seemed to friend
Call me brother
Oh fart
After dinner entertainment, did not mean much
Your avatar is your baby?
Er ah
so cute!
right
You gave back four bottles of wine to give money back
Then you talk to everyone, brother give you pocket money are a few numbers.
Brother the truth
Henan, Henan ah Why go
Well not in Heyuan, Guangdong
correct
I thought you said it in Henan. Hehe
By building ask Shandong
group
Honey, determine, interview tomorrow
should be…
! ! ! You are very nice! ! ! You saved me I&#39;ll see
kisses! ! So what I need to feel free to ask
Okay
Eighth girl is very beautiful
good eyesight
right! it&#39;s actually very good
I am a good-looking than the pictures times
Is not it lovely, pretty girl
Happy Birthday Nini but it seems not to the lunar calendar?
Ha ha ha I have not arrived yet
Then I wait
When it positive
Ha ha ha ha ha ha hens
When he graduated you regularization
The teacher acridine Happy New Year
Fishing!
Thanks fishing
The original little appetite for a reason ...
Hindsight
You did not find Well
Hey ... You did not tell me how I think
what! I&#39;ve always told you say comfortable ah
You say a year
Good embarrassing ah
so awkward
Capital embarrassment
Your fur it! ! ! !
Mao Mao Mao Mao She has been a few years ago
How old? I have a lot of family 11 years old
She is accident
what. . . . . . .
La la la, la la la ~ wait for me to spend time with you it ~ ~
Ah ah ah ~ you busy lately?
Fortunately, no matter how busy ~ ~ can not forget tobacco smoke! !
After that bored waiting for you to play saved Kazakhstan
Welcome ah ~
you are sick?
Look at me
I go to ends of the earth
This time, go, and I think
Stick country; this is mainly to pick up after 90 back
There is now very dangerous
Group photo Guangzhou field put chant
Night put!
Say good night of it
agree! Sometimes involuntarily, children in kindergarten next year and now have to find a relationship! You have to find the right person!
This find definitely have to find, the environment is such a world, who is not a saint. However, small Pishi, half a day to care for a face or save a little money, it is not necessary.
One thousand Decker is no need to look for, and this year favors Guia!
Where have you been
To see the fireworks, go back to the wrong train!
A man ah
And sister school seniors sector watching, then I go back a man
I waited for a summer vacation postcards
Wrote not made, because moving, I soon
Haha, there is this thing on the line. I thought I lost that you put.
I am 520 exam you found yet
Found a 6.5 or
Still stuck in the writing of it ... ...
Today, the last day of a lot of people still
And things are expensive in the big windmill to me 50 I think I will really black twenty-one
Huh ~ temple is to sell these chant
I did not dare to eat food that is particularly dirty
Guangzhou Today, more than 30 degrees. Dragon Boat Festival to eat dumplings, cold a few days.
Ha ha ... Guangzhou can understand ... we count Shandong north of it ...
Guangzhou is still a few days high temperature, where you should be cool, right?
This one has abated ...
Guangzhou as hot as today and yesterday, there should be 30 degrees, a few days yet.
I&#39;ve been looking cat
In Tan Junbo there. .
Say it loud
Haha cut in small pieces. He said he regretted that no dolls sing .. and you have to ask it?
Please what. . .
Singing eat
come on
This casserole is really delicious
There is no miss!
It is a miss
Go eat away
When I married knot
congratulations
You curse hanging branches
Sorry, did not hang a Division
I am a man of stature mind female doctoral appearance of Lolita&#39;s inner goddess
You&#39;re busted, you do not mind doctoral students.
You&#39;re pulling too!
You have a PhD mind you? Positive answer!
Kiss, hug, and then ... ...
Really did not mind doctoral students
Face brother, oh must go to Beijing games
Face brother will go
It may be a surface of the base
God positive energy humor
that&#39;s nice. Good Hope Shandong Hao Ming may be doing the show. Can you help me to convey, if given the chance. Thank you
There will be a chance! !
Thank you
Ha ha ha papaya tree, eat
Morning diarrhea also come forward
Certainly eat a lot. . . .
ZhouDongYu What is this program?
Qi Men Dun Jia, inside a shape, winter rain of their own
Okay thank you
But I do not know the cinema the shelf for a long time did not come out No. 15 released
Happy holidays, great friend
Thank you uncle
To sugar it? Uncle you eat
I do not eat sugar I eat crayfish
You eat crawfish is not conducive to long body
Hello models wearing did not look at the models wearing not actually want to buy
Ignore model, you have to think of yourself wearing good or bad
that&#39;s right
Good Morning:) Welcome back to Earth
Good morning children daddy Ye Hao Oh! commendable
I&#39;m on duty. After discharge without vigil friends:) Thank you Miuzan
Give me a 95-year sister
Sorghum age difference is too big generation gap -
Also consider the idea to spend money with communication problems?
My son went out to play, his friend was waiting for him to come back
My son did not go to now ... ... afternoon play at home again and again to write another reading, eating now
You did not eat to put the backpack
Put, put him back from the ... ...
Good morning, Mr. Mao
good Morning
good Morning
Matcha long time did not stick with something almost quit cold Frappuccino
Red happy weekend, I especially like the recent green tea, but I do not love Frappuccino
happy weekend
Tomorrow Guard! We together
Tomorrow night I
You can accompany the goddess. You Call Chat
Even like to eat peaches. Big peaches. A great big peaches.
Here buy large peach, candy line does not?
Row.
Buy pieces of beautiful clothes to wear it
I bought a pink drops!
I also pink drop
Last train tired I wood have to see it
pay close attention
try your best. . .
Today you despise derivative, tomorrow I&#39;ll let you climb can not afford to Einstein
You are not stupid
Oh, you can not understand scripts
Have you ever read those books you walk the way you experienced last bear will become your weapon against the world
Figure good
The flop? Figure is that you take
Simply take
Teacher, I would like to ask, less two questions on the reading comprehension why the site is
The system can only put three questions
Er er, good, first brush with two and a half hours of questions, a lot of reading or wrong, good depressed, do a question of what the skill forgot all about
I feel like I know what you&#39;re talking about
really
If it comes to this topic I do not know what I ever thought of
If you say you want to go to a concert, I think I&#39;m going crazy ~
I was going to see if there are votes in November Chengdu field, then ... ...
You must live call me! !
You pay me go
cross. Poor tour to understand Well?
That is money ah poor tour
See you later to the northeast! Straight root as you frozen popsicles
It should be your ears
My ears? ?
Yes it is
How my ear drop da?
Hard, the best man
How do you know it
You determine your body ah
you. . .
I do not smoke. Figure ah you do not, you study at the back of small Yan Yan. . .
Pale Ba!
Haha, I fear. . Strange. . .
A long time without food dumplings
Delicious dumplings, however, but fun,,,
Too connotation
Why petals and leaves are not out
The next time you try
We need to get things wrapped up? Or on the left unchecked?
Just doing it to
How long to dry? Two weeks? A month?
One week on the line, hanging upside down
I&#39;m five o&#39;clock excitedly go out ... you did a good hand?
Do not sleep great weekend, get up so early
Our Almighty Ha life changed climbing cycling team today, and we have to get up early for free tickets ah! !
Skirt inside jeans?
You blind ah
Is not it
What yes ah yes
I had suspected Armani packaging does not look good but I have not thought about buying that day go out to see my friends of this wiping soft color thief
Er er, I will only five. The normal color, not hot, it should be very good buy.
Hehe
My boyfriend and students in Sydney in singing to eat out. I wait until he is from 3:00. The family do not agree I&#39;m a little tired but had to adhere to teeth. I wanted to tell 2018 2017 you own at least my favorite things I have insisted that regardless of the result of good courage
Regardless of the result, you are good complex, ha ha
Oh my God. You actually see me in this
Wow · champion today glad about it?
He is not to drink until you can not drink together Well · · ·
I do not come to drink wine yo
Stress-free 11
Thin! !
Very thin under 11 to force
Because you are too light before going on!
My hair is too long many times are considered to fall but not the hair was gently pulled down abruptly pull out
You feel bad, your hair volume okay
Comb all corners of the room on a table on the floor in addition to have my hair on my head
I am really bald head, my hair is not only small, but also fine
Again! I was concerned about New Paper Flower oh
Well you have enough New Paper Flower Oh I do not need to take you to eat good food Oh Le
No! To take!
A blink of the eye so big
Hey, good fun now
Baby is brought up not to play big
Xie net red, Guards
Oh My Goddess Sri Lanka
Do not forget me after the red
OK
Only drink coffee
I do not, dizziness, it does not move, last night drank a large cup of tea, this will not be awake
Maybe tea is tea to bed earlier tonight Oh take care
okay
All snow ah
Especially heavy snowfall, recently, it seems to minus ten degrees, ten degrees below zero unheated terrible
To minus ten degrees below zero cold dead individuals not now I feel so cold it
You will be Russian? ?
Zhendi not
Ha ha ha ha you go to Russia to learn Shaa
School exchange program almost just like the professional
I love you, you send it? ? ?
I&#39;ll think about it
give me
School girl good, my gift yet.
I was eating
True wit.
Hungry to prove it was comfortable today White did not lose weight
Get up
ate breakfast
Still in bed
Continue to eat lying
It is so intended
Ha ha ha I had no sleep too much sun today
Begonia big fish have not seen it, drag
Really like to sleep for tomorrow afternoon to play yo I&#39;ll call you
OK, ah, tomorrow telephone contact,
Good drop
Friends theme cafe Well
233 free play secretly I ask you to drink coffee
Hey good ah
Cheer, paper title change with wood have ah
Ooo has not yet started
Emerald difficulty doing red-hot suit you?
go to sleep now! Consequently there dreams!
Want cats, with cats is equivalent to have female vote
Dog is a good civilization!
Cute cat in the world!
Dog! ! !
Cats!!!
Always taught, to put old-fashioned. High school?
Thank junior
haha, okay
Although little small but that does not mean that much.
Not small is not small
It sounds ah
I can not eat a lot of fat friends
So fat have the nerve to issue such plans?
Ha ha ha ha, you really happy about this skin
I would also like tens of thousands of subcutaneous
Your P still have a lot to learn from technical chart beans ah
I usually just add words.
Covert camera will boast their own good cooking
Hello learn Pa
How can ah! You gnaw stay up?
I do not sleep during the day and at night can not afford ha ha
The fuel consumption can not afford injuries, simply to get out of pique and Concord.
Concorde is grounded because of fuel ...
I thought it was a plane crash that led to the grounding of Concorde ...
Sister-in-law happy 18th birthday, blessing blessing! Cake looks delicious!
Thank you, thank you, this year, 20 next year only 18 want you in a foreign country safely, perfectly healthy, as soon as possible to find the destination of the soul
Sister-in-law, I find a wife! Haha! Next home, so you never look over! Haha!
Please come back to eat sweet young lovers
Brother, I changed the name ah.
What kind of name
what happened? Oh well
Whole frustrated name. To be positive
To oh. Sadness little ah. . .
Stay back long hair
why
Because the long hair look good
Look at the situation chant
Happy, I have to work today
Originally referee rain tomorrow to do not go
Go to work tomorrow
You are hard-working bee
But one thing to say to you, give me fatten point
Not keep fat
Regardless longer flesh
I try my best
Do not try to, is certainly
Was 10 pounds to borrow
Own efforts
Smoked hurt one second ... ha ha ha but I now do something to get this point but having said that we barely get that done a few weeks begin regular meetings! ! !
Hugged! You sleep so late school are a bunch of things refueling hold no accident, then it should be open next week
I can see a big fairy! !
Ha ha ha! Families with big head, worry about each child
What is this
Haha
I watched a few episodes, I feel very good looking, but novel, small comfort not call you Yaoyao sister, the dog is not it called mighty big generals, the generals may sound jarring, others are okay
Where are you looking? ? ? ? ?
IQIYI ah
I can borrow iQIYI member yet? ?
What I want to know Chen Xinying chest tattoo
I understand&#39;re wrong, I do not know what is the chest
Er er, bones that can be seen, can not see chest
And so you come to Ha Mai
To Caesar,
coming
I is not never had short hair, long face, can not cut it too short
A little short little thing, you Ye Hao long hair, oh! That year, the Qi Liu short hair pink shirt teenager acted in a skit ... ...
Father
Song Min-ho mood
This is not Joey do
Joey&#39;s also nice Miriam Yong
You can call me next time
real or fake
You called me to come
Well you wait
Extremely happy
congratulations
Pro, not a wedding ring, do not think much more!
Really think almost a good thing
But hey birthday
Let me look wayward
Oh Oh said at the end of it good
December is not the end of the year?
Obviously still only the end of November!
Jiang Zi ah ~ you are so intelligent not think there will not find blue friend
This little bit difficult, give me some time
Your avatar is your thing
Guess
Ugh! happy New Year
Sighed the old hold
Ha ha ha, I see you turn the cards I was happy
Punch
Guy
Why did I?
Thank you Big Brother covered with me
congratulate
Thank you
learn by heart
Soulmate soulmate
Vaguely
Pledge
Tirade
Seniority
Distraught
Survivor
Shengqingnanque
Who had eyes to confirm you are right
Indispensable
May be subject to attack
Kotobukihi Nanshan
Late
Persevere
Hengda ice fountain
Right Royal World
Get off at the beginning
The initiator
Do not think life is full of surprises and micro touched it and your lovely brother
Kazakhstan is also brother
You do not cranky Kazakhstan
Tomorrow, a new le, around midnight two days, I can give you
Oh wow, I also look at it, there are tv! Not tell you
Korean tv it is too slow, slow almost a day
Grow sister! How old are these!
She was the same age with you ... ... Do not you play?
I have not played ah, I basically did not play mobile games.
I do not look down on people sing about?
Thesis finished yet know about about about
Not started yet you finished? Say know to talk about
Handsome, can be a model of
Not black
Not black, you would have been pretty good facial features, those models will not lose too much!
No wonder, Han sister Naogua Zi Ran not like cats so bad, people are now afraid to do the line under the deft unstable
Ah just Lianmai say clearly and logically, we can see is a thoughtful and intelligent people, but also a year younger than cats, two little girls the same character gap ye so much it
Sister pig a few do not 20
Yes Yes Yes Friends modest pick-up with you ...!
I would like to ask if anyone got entity votes yet
199 and 299 stands no more expensive other difficult subject
After the blast to blow away the cloud of worry Sang cried and smiled back to the verses and the rest of the ~
Yeah you do not sleep
In his brainwashing will go early or else you anyway
So late, eh busy on the fast break
Ah you finally sleep now some long sleep, to sleep quickly, preserved
Afternoon sleep too long it will be good spirit let me play for a while
Chagang stay up a little later if the hum
Zhuangshui not finished
When you return to Beijing
28 am
Me too, but you should be better than my first arrival
2002 - The first snow came later than in the past when some of
Both the 2018 ~
Cold fear of freezing to death so I do not like snow
About about about! ! !
I found wrong word Fan
Hey, oven problems, not test
&quot;Point zero bound&quot; Luhan, the Hong Kong real
me too! ! ! Zero critical point! ! !
However, heart goose favorite is &quot;LU&quot;
Who recommended you crazy heart
I just look at that
I was in the bedroom crying ... ... really take the time to see the back of his brother
Hug, I was silently burst into tears in front of his brother&#39;s time to write and tell each other when Mr. Tang started I&#39;ve been crying
That girl is your model?
How can girls
That is the fifth man?
Kashi finally opened ah
Come about
Blessings to go home soon
Thin, but also beautiful
Or as child haha
Slim
Prince Flags Great God, he said, is the share of 300 questions do not worry!
I choose to believe it .... Great God right. When you test ah? ?
One hour later than you ~ ~
Yesterday just broke up, a casual, so it really is over
Ah, I tell you like Yu Yu
why
My reply was wrong
I feel so too! ! Even I will live among the students uncomfortable, and my heart very tough afraid
This problem has troubled me for a long time and I do not know why this is so even male friends have a good relationship hardly go out alone
exactly! !
The only dare to go for a ride of a male friend has a girlfriend
Hug you again .... I was in the same boat
Knock Jimei
So early
Ha ha ha ha, setting the biological clock, sleep as late and also very angry
Nanjing now what good fun
Youth Olympic Sister ah you do not know
Youth Olympic Games is not the end of it all
Yet it&#39;s still a few days
Not contacted more than four months, are eager to him every day, his birthday tomorrow, but I do not have any position to wish him a happy birthday
Four months of no contact, male and female friends? If an ordinary friend about it, then it is a blessing
He now has broke up like girls
It is also about him a happy birthday blessing it, broke up just friends
So in the end I was Yen meal or meal flesh, tangled
CD products will not tangle with that little girl, arrange the next game scenes
What is the only product Terrier
London does not have tangled on the CD products will not tangle it
Come to the wedding on the tube full! But it is possible that you can not come slightly
You saying this a little bit biased, oh sister pie
Since it hit the day with Qi
Mass wedding
Several promising you yo
With filters, but did not say what has been the goddess filters
Giant good-looking
Want to know Filter
I told you I bought with Big Brother is not the time to tell Big Brother with a clear enough members at that time did not map
I understand last night have found a flagship store! ! Haha I still want to love you! Thanks for your recommendation!
You&#39;re welcome! But I bought another home cheaper than the flagship dozens,
I opened Thank you for your very kind heart
You&#39;re welcome
So you are a story of people
30 not the story, would not be justified?
I do not have
I wish you an early break and Luhan
Ask your family educated you? The entertainment is not like you have been together, I hate to break up, and you think you are? I wish you and your future husband or boyfriend broke up early divorce, I wish you and your family at an early date separation
Great on you, you would have educated, I am pleased to say, ever do to you?
Too late buses
White seems to be the electric car accident
Electric white fellow is gone
Ok… …
Fellow car coming ... ... ... ...
Well, bon voyage ah!
Drink a glass of cherry juice ~
Er er, will sit, rest for a while.
There are beds to sleep there
Full of people, sitting is not lying
Do not drink and call me
You are far away in Kaifeng
Wool! A phone call saying you drink, who does not go back grandson who
Not to mention the Taoge, these days drink up
Fried sister you do not live it loud noise
We are a few. . . It late again
Yesterday did not say what it does not live today
Fat out how to do it
Fat on the fat it anyway, nobody wanted
It looks like you give up on themselves
Because of this you do not like me and you
Millet Why not design their own processors, will end someday China and the US earn less than the Xiao Long
You do not know millet 5c
I do not know, ah, occasionally concern digital
Millet already has its own processor, the ... ...
Eat not poor, or I got me a good pay, but he does the second generation
Good da, then I&#39;ll have better and more expensive!
Well, the good cry, but I&#39;m sure has nothing to do with me, ha ha
You are too cruel a ~
Haha
I&#39;m going off the net, and back Liaoba! Good night ~
Ah, talk back, good night
good night!
You slightly too sweet
Do not eat
That &#39;s not
I know six walnuts
Then you do not drink! Bunao
You should drink a little, beriberi
You do not love me the athlete&#39;s foot yet?
Now after a partial lifting of the ban on the full lifting of the Olympic Winter Games
You do not want too much
I think there were many, and you have anything that you are not too much tube
Like attracts like Well, not funny than really likes it up!
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha distressed
What did I do
Happy birthday ah!
Ah, after examination, we see Tongji
Barely insurance ah this may not be nonsense
We have summer
Chengdu summer yet
This burst of maximum temperature 20 degrees, feeling that summer
Yeah I&#39;m your wonderful sister,
Yeah I&#39;m your sister the coolest old
Yeah, we were cool cool
You with me almost ten years is not perfect, not afraid of
Not only cute thing perfect
You most lovely friends
you too
Again revisit Batman?
Ah ha ~
Green arrow and there was Ninja Master
I know ~
so excited! As long as you can be admitted &#39;if you can&#39; I&#39;d rather you can continue with the holidays together in the next three years!
Can it Guoqingrenjie ah, Singles also been tired. . .
Oh &#39;to Ha ~! Well &#39;it would be three years later valentine with it ~! I wish you Happy Valentine&#39;s Day Ha ~!
There are upset Petty female white-collar workers in the tangle of ....
Haha, I understand you have a few stand Oh ~
Well okay I weather, overcast and hot and dry, a persimmon stems to vent at La ...
Tough guy
God too male
first drop of blood! very classic
Strong black bear
Ugly old black bear.
You say I ah
Aiai Ai ~ ~ ~
You play today?
Xu Ying looking for me
Oh, she called to ask for directions, and always felt she wanted to sleep on the streets.
Girlfriend did not appear so far I am concerned I do not know you dim learn copywriting design it?
Ha ha ha ha ha ha faithful to the original in this!
low profile
Minded miserable male lead.
M II is so be it?
M II is silent guardian type. It is up to play the male lead
Even the best software, it also depends on what kind of girl girl
You hanging up
I did not ye ah
Wow ran into fellow?
So Big Brother can send a postcard to me
Of course, with wide
Co hands thanks
love you
Let go of my leg
Who&#39;s legs?
Your my
You give me four legs to find out
You watch him writing songs and he can not find find a small three have to do with it? And he makes an abortion, though?
it does not matter. . . He was just refute others said Jacky songs are bought. . . Can not you see the last sentence &quot;To pull you pull cover any of the other talents are&quot;
really. That he knows.
youth
That is not the same thing!
Where the same
I mean it is not the same &#39;&#39; &#39;&#39; &#39;&#39; &#39;&#39;
Buy a skirt would not have to report it!
Recently bought a bit more
It is not to report it!
But I do not understand wear
We understand to understand, tacitly
Master
Nana is also very thin legs just a little short
Where do you live
Love you love you love you should be together at any time
Seeking high number of pit father ah packaged in ...
Supper ah. .
I count this response that night to sing K share you go No
It was too late, that I should not go up
In the end you still get the old bow
. ? . . [Innocent eyes]
And you did not send me private, from our friendship ended dog brother
Hair rolling their own thing
Originally a little hot under the buckle, wash more on the less obvious, and today is his one-time hot
Technical Oh well
Meng Meng stand up
A goo, cry Ah
Which bully you! I killed him (her, it)
Bully touches wood, just what I feel I can not think of paper to write Ge white reading this for years
Are you black?
Yes ah: ~ ~
Ha ha ha. . . . .
what do you want to say?
Beauty waves into the mood happy new week
Happy new week!
You must be happy ah
Not about, not about my uncle, I do not about!
Hey Okay great niece
When to go about re-pingqiao
Well
Lu, director of a small rise? ! !
It should be a long-liter ~
Oh, my winter vacation back to the Iron Man, and saw a small Kui, graduation he was not married, and now the children run in Montreal. Think, too, too fast ...
Small Kui Who? ! I&#39;ve forgotten it all
Teach physics
Oh ... like a little impression, or old apprentice off it! I think Xiaolin a ~
Go back and look at it
No time ah ... I also go back to the summer ... [Xiaolin estimated regarded I forgot ~
Haha can not
Mutual praise
Yidianhuizan
Today limit back to you tomorrow
What is curious steamed seafood special pot?
It is dedicated to seafood steamer!
There is such a pot, really want to buy a, steaming open every weekend!
We use the double, following porridge, steamed seafood top
Thank you, thank you, thank you very much!
I have brain make hundreds of thousands of words of SM Novels
Bronze sadomasochistic
SM quagmire bottom
So touched
What I have neighbors seniors
Yes, school girl
School girl would not have to address it
Well then, do not have the
Apple how not to bad comments!
Each of us professional hair leaving a circle of friends, &quot;Your friends are offline XXX&quot;, those days are the full screen, see I almost cried
I just changed the desktop ah
Do not say off the assembly line
Glass heart ah
Yeah you know just like me
I knew ah
Tyrant missing driver it? Twenty years of driving experience authentic old driver
lack. What free
Free voluntary unpaid
I will never ask for free
Routine a little deep
I also have been hesitant to pull ... pull the summer is not easy inflammation it?
Summer is not easy to pull inflammation. Xia Tianzhi teeth are prone to getting infections
I usually spring and inflammation of the ... ...
As long as the total went to pull it inflamed
I also tangled for a long time ...
You see it is not just a matter of people, my class last night and then I Landlords who messy
IQ like you, win on the end of the world
I did win Well, wow ha ha
But you know you is not necessarily love ~
So Mao Dun ah, love you and you may not know, to this age, love is a fairy tale, rational, or to a person understand their own right.
Yes ah ~ accustomed to seeing too many parting, or find yourself the most real good.
Eyes of the beholder, the wise see wisdom, look to position themselves for marriage and the family now.
I think something was, but my school junior. Early late
You also have to prepare very early ha ha ha I also began on the back of junior Though the word is also the word back, but at least do not feel so nervous
That means I have to begin
work hard together
By the time you can not use the phone?
Can not
I changed a job running a card
To buy equipment
You buy what brand ah
I have not bought ah ha ha ha ha ha
You can not go specifically to see you, about a Tanabata it!
Ha ha ha ha ha ha, I have a dog with a
Dogs with? ? It is now with slightly dog with you
You do not show. Carefully turn me show you the May Day holiday home
If I have to go home
Is the scare about it you have to go home
Good afternoon, I am speechless teacher did not give me the courses so I am angry
why
I do not know my sister in my piano teacher teacher called me out of class the teacher did not give me
He knows you do not teach classes outside
And I do not know it now did not succeed in the interview to the outside to teach ah do not necessarily tomorrow
Come on give you hope you can succeed!
Success or failure is trivial experience experience is a major event
Good sense ah
Samoyed Husky encourage runaways scored owner grace?
A harem drama
It is very interesting the word temple
Spend a lot of your other half getting thinner ah
It has not fat
Such a nice, well envy ah
general
I&#39;m dumped. So sad it. How to do?
... the same broken heart ...
I do not believe
Good, Random Thoughts you, go home
Where are back home
Life way back it
Some rare you free
Early Yeah, Comrade Sau Ning, you are more busy
I recently did not go to work, at home. Behind his. So more idle
Embarrassing, I do not know all
Shandong also have jelly thing? ? ?
Do not ye, and Sichuan are not the same oh
This is the way our spicy salad
I eat in Chengdu, the taste feeling a little more heavy? Perhaps meters thicker taste, right? My little translucent kind
Chengdu is also translucent my home is opaque white or green beans ~ ~ ~
Do you also Shandong ah ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
Big lad drink
do not drink
Hey you very yesterday
Eat left.
Your team a few people that way? Let your coach take you up to play chant
Wide-bodied?
Yes ah, I see also Cui teacher today
Our old and sick of it all right!
We have no one
How so love to show off her recently. .
Oh, because I lost 5 pounds
Hey I really do not know what to say silent moment
What do you say
You can say that thin thin
Thy tongue, like doing?
Why is the amount I did not think you like doing
you know
You end on a relationship because of what?
Wrong time met the right people, I would like to meet a little later maybe you can grow up together
See your name I want to say, I have folks
Amount Amount I can say Gesha
You go with me to eat today that the Northeast Dumpling House
No substitutions do not know, I have always felt the best I&#39;ve ever had to eat dumplings on the outside, you remember a man eating a pound
Today eat 46
You still eat
Bon voyage ah
Ah, Thanks, and when you go?
I ah ah too fast 27
Oh, you bon voyage! Good night ~
They will come to me when you play oh welcome
Buried next to remember to bring my adventure
You give money, good-j ~
OK
Last night to now, finally has returned to normal and calm, so I also like to see a lot of things, good sister asked me to play happy? I said, look at pictures inside my face to know
You still up
Ready to sleep friends
Deep, you do not think about it overnight together with the meters have it? Anyway, the next day we still have to Xidan together, we can save tossing back and forth, right? Please give you a work!
Together about a werewolf can kill a decisive battle until dawn ...
I was the first to be eliminated
Hard to say there may be deep
So badly! ~ Sister to feel then tomorrow I have received it ~ wow ha ha ~ my parents birth year was also special to the atmosphere -
Gee ... I eat tomorrow then
My friends make money make money it I do not know how to spend ~
My baby is in Henan
And then and then and then do it
Just I want to say no then it is not a single
You are breaking the law! ! Dog abuse is against the law! ! !
Powerful, wheatgrass, verb verb playing time playing time
Not really concerned
I have long been concerned about you.
Nan you how you, the day you are greeted it Zilao Lao
I recently mood swings, injections playing stupid.
Okay
I would also like pattern, painlessly
In fact, if you do not profile a lot less pain I feel also OK if grain can endure pain
Can you tell me how long this pattern? ?
Super fast design change Patterns before and after half an hour did this to me
Short hair cut is also good to see the
To tie in the library is a good hair ... my aunt bangs
Very cute
Lantern Festival roar
Er er. Fun! ! Xiao Bian is to eat or eat rice balls Lantern?
Last night to eat dumplings, eat Lantern Festival today
Do not be too hopeful .... flowers miss you!!!
Unfortunately did not catch you in words. You want me?
You must think! ! How long have not seen! !
Want to eat Hamburger. . Men too poor schools. .
Do you come to our school. We have school Liang Pi, Hamburger.
There is certainly time to go. .
To hug
Take me eat eat more concrete
I think too much just saying
Early ah brothers
Crazy I get up! !
I really do awake people scratching their hair
You is not seen me in love to eliminate send you stabilize the heart on every day!
Ha ha ha you Hao Fan, but every time you pass through are super!
I have more effort you make it
What time do you leave?
Fifteenth, he collapsed. How about you?
... ... want to put you come back to play with, you can also put it too late. When are your working hours?
Happy now
Haha you can come to see me play very happy ah
I am very happy! !
I also ha
Happy Together also super nice
Ah, good movie. Then see when too small, junior high school, a little shy
At that time preceding the time watching movies ha ha ha ha ha ha
Why would I beat the Pig?
....... do not change the name Dear John
Our love is so fragile it fleshy?
Killing me. . . Ha ha ha ha
Will only be allowed fleshy laugh, you are not allowed to laugh
Pigtail, braids I want your friends
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha I did not have my braids brother Chen
you go
Oh no drinking allowed to sleep
Originally, I usually drink it hot drink eight glasses a day less is almost impossible task successfully yesterday
When did you come back ah come back playing cards ah ha ha ha ha
Well anyway, I do not you go back to play cards
At the beginning of life, fall to earth started to wail.
What have these lyrics
Do not cry song? Life began to cry, it can be said the song begins.
Do not know, have not heard
I must find work ah
That as far as possible before you work ~
The press can
Playing two days to buy a ticket or two of it
The official website to buy a two-day ticket oh
Do you live near Disney yet
Mmm
Henan punch! This is a very standard Henan words
Xinxiang punch
Oh hey
Douding that &#39;&#39; &#39;&#39; &#39;&#39; &#39;&#39; Send a picture of it I want it that way
Douding back to the Shandong
I hate how much you give me a few photos before both go? Bad person
Wow ... really want to go the winter of Jeju Island
I think the first but the second part of the nice thing
Mmm I might itself more like winter
happy Birthday
You are secretly playing phone I want to report you
From each other! !
Haha
You had your street, people tube wisdom thing Well ~
To pipe Oh, I can not find the road wow ha ha ha ~
- is to let people pull you away -
May be led to, but not always to a ~ ha
Pinch me back I&#39;ll have to go home
Good good
To invite you out to dinner when Kaka
Good good! That you are now in Wuhan Why?
Yes - to come to me a few days it ~
In front of 1998 with the final say in the spring of 1988, so did Uncle ... ...
In fact, not dead, terror, terror is the most unemployed for 10 years, OK
Cut to the heart, the old iron
Hao Ming. . . What inexplicable feeling a little low
what&#39;s happenin?
do not know
To eat sweets.
In less than two hours, the United States together on the dust settles!
Er er, nice, happy designated CNR see
To be happy, which he should get, you have him sing! Afraid they overtake!
Oh, really want is to take the first CNR
You see life ranked first
Oh, you want to say?
All right
Cultivation that I wish you success?
Crossing the robbery it
To soaring
Browed month after coming to life must be looked down upon.
That would be depressed!
Please do hand motions
Mom will not let! Allowed to sit for a long time!
Today, you miss a lot of things ah
So what
Not tell you
Chengdu was better eat crawfish! ! ! ! There are pink summer ice eat! ! ! Wuhan and there is no so hot! ! ! !
going or not! !
go with! ! !
go to bed
6:00 on the up, sleep hey, not a lack of people, to help you Kandian
Not for food!
People wearing red dress me so plain!
You look good
The next time you have to wear a
HEAD meal of my day
But really eat a little support
Life is very moist ah
I have not seen a soup noodles? Moisturize
My boyfriend in Zhengzhou, look for him at the end of
Therefore, the trouble would like to ask, to Zhengzhou to find a boyfriend are going Wanya
The same question
Not afraid of a good thing, ah, prolonged
A hero, not a good feeling to be able to put aside the times
Kanma that time, anyway, I&#39;m quite confident, look at the life
Come on Come on yo
Thank you
Oh, you&#39;re welcome
Going to the toilet was locked Adventures.
My reaction came. Yesterday, the variable 2. . .
Otherwise, how to call it `` will be going to the toilet will be + 2 = I&#39;m smart now
Exit tell us cry
Do not let people play ...
why
I fear grab the limelight protagonist
Not particularly steal the spotlight is super invincible thunderbolt okay to steal the spotlight
Not familiar with you
Why apply my word na
Yesterday I made a circle of friends you choose dormitory ha ha ha ha else even if the object has a nice point of the rest of you know ha ha ha ha ha ha
So you made a class photo say
Good good even if you are going to be disappointed nice I basically say spoken to ha ha ha ha
Then the other classes
Do not worry, etc. I found a girlfriend to introduce you
Where do you work wow
In the Tao Heung ah
Waiter
You told a comic?
See you beat yourself not to drink large fruit, joy I hasten to say a comic to celebrate
I want to hold on, always want to grow up
I do not ask fair not fair, after all, the players playing, I can just change it ranking mechanism
This is a winning percentage of over 90 should be matched to them winning more than 90 people
Not so much winning percentage of 90 people, and not necessarily at the same time online, and these people can not affect you, it can not match 80.90 to you, then bad luck at most, to match across 3.4
Talk about everything every day ah
How to talk
It is also good
Oh, there are opportunities for development
We are developing it
Such as a &quot;partner request to add you as a friend.&quot;
Repeatedly for six years, the same outcome
Like just broke up six years
There is not any going around in circles, just repeat the mistakes. Ultra feeling of
Desperate fight waiting for me
Tonight that man really cattle,
Yes ah ah ah ah ah nice
I can accompany you to eat
To come ah ah
your treat
Duck Restaurant know Hee hee hee good to eat!
You go home, not in school two days ago
28 back to yo
You do not want to say every country, and finally you will say the country
A million reasons to stand up pull them a reason to stand up you can sit back and choose knees. Lu Xun if still alive, is this a critical thing.
Can leave it, Lu Xun&#39;s look at this situation, do not want to resurrect okay
You underestimate him too old men.
Sorry for you more attention Aung
Kai basis
On things on things
Dressed up, they are generally more beautiful
I would draw eyebrows
I do not believe
Whatever you slightly
The answer is also very casual
Sophomore year, I would like to ask what year postgraduate ah
2020
Thank you!
I think we can sell discussing issues
More than just oil
You want it blinded people&#39;s eyes
Medical doctor is difficult since
To praise for the King
I&#39;m tired of crying
I hug the grid!
Wow, this is done boss yet? come on! Come on! You should be sent to a basket of flowers or something
Send fruit basket of fact
I personally come next time to send lunch to congratulate
They came to hit me flashed open big, who is not only older than me
This can be because you&#39;re beautiful, right
No, they&#39;re afraid of me, I assisted living too well a big threat for them
We do not accept. To even sit ah
Ah, I met a good roommate what is good
The tear still have to tear
We did not tear too yeah ~ Haha, that is like compared to each other
A man pressure of the road is definitely more irritable, graduated no shopped Street ...
Well you&#39;re not 16 years old? How to graduate? Are you a child prodigy, often skip a grade?
How long a child prodigy? Step by step to grow up
Children drink less stomach just fine
In recent days I did not drink!
Meaning not recently been
Listen to the doctors
good Morning
good Morning
Good afternoon, it should be
Haha Good afternoon
younger sister. . I have come to photos. .
Sister is not sent to your mailbox yet? ?
Wood has received Oh, you then send it again Well, sent to your uncle and I are here Ha, my q is 254,195,072, Xie slightly
Good that I go home tonight and then send it again Ha
Okay, thank you ha, hard
Your class is the only one girl what? The frenzied too! !
Barbara is you want more ...
Life is to be so full of surprises!
If so then I will be happy to not do it ...
You also see basketball ah. . .
I always look ah. My boys from small to large classes where basketball is strong, my pride as a unique class of child paper, the boys gave each refueling. Then slowly I like watching basketball.
Ha six boys we play high Chinese Coban, the school took the league title in school history seems to be no second example.
That the boys in your class may not be the same as Zhongxingpengyue
Swimming fitness look
Has fixed a 6: Table 20 to prepare them for a run from the other can not afford to say, anyway, the thought that counts on the line
The correct attitude is very long anyway meat in your body on the line
Why Yuanyuan finally wearing a short-sleeved, before a steady stream not wearing
Because to see him and he is pictured wearing a principal or two
Oh, he was wearing two-piece pouring it? ?
We will not learn the development of computer games. We only play games ah
Play silly? You see how computer science students of the game?
Really, I adjust the time to play last night, hee hee
Tyrant, could grant a little time
I Eupolyphaga. time. . Please grant you time.
When you have a boyfriend? !
Were just talking about, do not you know?
do not know! ! !
Through the solar calendar or the lunar calendar?
Well must Gregorian
OK ！
How many people know that this statement is true or false
Half-truths important?
Importantly, how I was doing.
what have you done
Unfortunately, I did not do anything
Bitter bitter to eat
With bitter forward. Because of targets.
Refuel
Sweater super nice out you can
Is a solitary sweater coat baby na me more than you would like people to consider
like!
Mmm sweater collection addiction!
Why are you doing with a picture of my boyfriend&#39;s head? ! ! ! !
Because your boyfriend is handsome ah
I&#39;m jealous
Not about not about not about
Not about to take a take a
Ha ha ha ha took took
Well Haw you a dead woman
I will not draw eyebrows
Then go to the shop yard repair it shining painting
Repair but do not know how to paint ...
Not happy! Kid actor
Not happy, ha ha
Also not happy ha ha! Drugs can not quite ah brother!
Weighs
He gave me no refueling, so let me hate him
Sister you have not seen it, next time you see him take lessons from John John
See him again
You have to be careful your photos that you&#39;ll be his cell phone ....
What should I do! I have a dozen photos! !
Well go ask Apple store
Why this sudden feeling
Because the face is too big
You&#39;re not tease did not go off
Few outside, can not not tease tease
Gangster too cute
You picture
So naughty!
To her daughter getting this life, and consequently I willing to do for her.
If you do not believe in love with a man, also can not go head how to do
I can not recognize, but my daughter must be happy.
Bystander, you know your daughter married the man there is a problem, we supposed Oh, only she could not see. My cousin is Jiang Zi.
I must go to Guiyang
Come Come!
Will certainly come
New every day! Viggo c
You think too much ~
I did not think too much, but I just want to eat
... You eat the goods!!
Do not you?
So you do not qualify
From each other
This unscientific
Looking through the circle of friends
Nor, of course, they may be willing to brush the score that I almost should also shield
Anyway, the Orangemen returned to normal levels
Wow, handsome pot, look at that hair! ! Look inside this inside, so tempting
You&#39;re happy bear,
Well you are pro raging?
The biggest bear, how much money
The next time do not know to help you ask
Ay Thanks
You do not find me to Sports Road!
I was in the dormitory Yeah, it is positioned wrong? Saying you Sports West?
Sports East!
Oh, well, I leap in the South
Well, I used to leap in North
My word back to sleep
End child go belly run one hour
886 I bought pancakes and sprinkle soup
We eat sea fishing
Diarrhea it back
Have you ever seen such a beautiful long robot do
I wanted you not offend nest Oh ~
Right ah, I&#39;m falling out of love
This is more like you Bo speed
Hold
Ok! Awesome
Leave the Earth&#39;s surface
Earth horrible
Earth is horrible or earth ah
I really treasure to someone else before, now it might be too late
To strive to know the results of the refueling! !
Still afraid to speak. . .
Think of what to do, I do not think there is always tomorrow. Come on! Top you at least you still have hope, do not wait until everything is impossible until it is too late to restore
Come on, I go again, eat moon cake yet
No
Do not eat moon cake you will gain weight
I have no money can not afford to eat
You these inhuman, you do not hate me? We do not have contact, you find your man gives you buy it
Ha ha ha ha! I hate you! But you do not hate you a chance so we gave our compensation!
I hate you is your thing, I compensate ass
You did not do your bit so our collective hate ah! Or do you good too! You must be compensated ah! The reason children right!
How I did not do bits
I feel that I am concerned about the treasure!
Really
Really, you do it so early
Congratulation
Not easy to think about sad
Yup! Too much work
when are you leaving
V early morning flights.
It has been left alone in Xi&#39;an
No. 16 back to the end of a trip estimate came up.
We have time to play together
Go ahead, no problem
Comments on the lights up enough, hard it!
Lighting boil oil, I easy?
not easy
Do not run out of curiosity chasing typhoon
Do you think I am your brother
Meier ah ... brother ... this is not what you care about
And I do not take a picture
You may make an appointment first, my agent to find Ha
You busy you are busy. I&#39;ll wait ~
My broker says there time
Tomorrow at noon it?
Can
Ha ha ha, Happy New Year
Happy New Year, do not eat dumplings
Also dumplings, today eat watermelon
To block
Our last meal to eat ah this is also your father say
Well, the last time people have not opened we went to another
You do not sleep in the middle of the night doing sub-Oh
Want to see the photographer
Ok
Wow yeah yeah I was patronize yet
Hee hee
The Breakup Guru? ?
King Kong
Well, I went to see The Breakup Guru
Some people cherish the fate of life can only come across once!
Perhaps no part destined never to meet again
Yes so, cherish everyone around to meet strangers!
I experienced some of the things that were done, the people I met met
Sister turned out good this mouth ah
Sister did not look really good to see ~
This feeling can not fall in love with mouth agape ... ah ...
Sooner or later want to update the forest to get their hands!
Go to bed early, what dreams are
Yes ah you like to go to bed early and others who may have fallen asleep
I like a bit of a multi-ah
excellent
Fitness bar change the mood of the external recipe
Ah, I did not run a long time
What steps you ran this figure it ready anaerobic exercise yoga
Well behind the front eyebrows a little messy dispersion how it happened
Mei Wei loose, impulsive, emotional heavier, lighter and siblings fate.
quasi! ! ! !
He went to eat hot pot of the season
Yes
Of course, to eat together have a feeling oh
not happy
Like every time you are in what
And you that wonderful life
I was after
So you&#39;re not happy Well
I&#39;m not finished yet passed through the airport I was flying out to play it
I wish you happiness!
Good night every evening
An Anan late! Dreams!
Ok. . Words, you do not know on Thursday also graduation photo. . I was in there, this can be the way you look at it in passing. .
Ah ~ ~ I do not have graduation photo ah ah
. . . Is it. . Remember then see how you made some modest ~
Haha I made it to others
. . . I do not know you. . You even have wood graduation photo shoot? Should not do it - to your school
You try to go get the parrot hair, good quality gloss that great
Colors are generally related to the insured.
I understand, now do Kingfisher, the color you like on it, the pursuit of certain color is I feel no need, and parrots moult, with hair down for absolutely no problem doing Kingfisher
no problem.
You play a fine New Year without a break
Open all year round on the course Kaige
as long as you are happy
Grilled chicken wings grilled ah my favorite favorite ...
Haha, I like
Today sense to go with a pair of glasses rubbing 1B ah ...
Without glasses, without pressure
Squared trouble to ask how much money is enough to pay for two people do it
58 seems ... is certainly not dinner. Drink enough friends
okay
Hair cut it? Attractive Attractive
Long hair too long friends stay
Hey ~ how are you are beautiful! Ago think so
You and uncle who said what. . .
I say, give me? ! He said, holding. . . .
This can also be? !
Your poems out of it
Please call to poets money
Not poor poet not a qualified poet
Not even black, aunt also want my idol photo yet. Xi&#39;an has missed the perfect
Aunt? ?
Ah, aunt, wood problem
If four people come to you at the same time what happens?
And together they play mahjong ah ~
Who did not have to fight?
I do not play ah I was responsible for winning money
mx8.0 handle every day ah assessment and price of this keyboard can not afford
Is Valentine&#39;s Day 16 years to afford a limited keycaps?
Buy the most gas
Ah ha ha ha ha, I had bought a set of 999 not willing to use ...
Lying wow, that movie could be so high? ! !
This is fake it
I also think it is nonsense!
Haha
Early hours
Good boy, I watch TV for a while
Check it out
Blame blame blame the days you&#39;re not a blue paper child
I do not hold anything against you it is a girl paper
What? Do you hold anything against me is a girl? It does not end up with marriage, divorce! Leave immediately! ! !
Not bear it, where&#39;s divorce
Happy New Year 5 pounds of fat
Swimming fitness to find out
You get a picture of my wife&#39;s head to do?
Get a long time
To help me buy you ten ten pairs of 37 yards
Knock
Do not want the
How le? So little sleep, insomnia is it?
Recognize bed! !
Uh... ! It turned out to be the case. That I wanted to travel then how to do ah?
Generally, if a new place to sleep one night, the next day will be better. This is 4 nights for the three places.
Tomorrow it will be the north wind ... ...
But also cool, it is estimated that back to the south end of the day, but still there are rain ah
Just to torture me toss this back and forth home school children?
Good hate this weather
unhappy
Hey, there are 10 days
exactly
Exceedingly playing back
I do not know do not get back
why
I wonder if there is misfortune. . .
That ticket furans
If you can not come back, not only tickets, because the special fares can not be returned
So you save me
Ah ah ah ah, good recent irritability, ah, you really want to eat and drink flew past to find themselves flying around
That Come yo ~ ah I&#39;m so good day advance booking Hugh row
It does not mixed entertainment &#39;Why should bony
I&#39;ve been fat to not own up. . . .
It would control about it
Born male of your girlfriends did a joke now look at you shoot there is a hint of excitement in the school and moving film
real or fake
This is also false
Training more than happy to go to work, right? Gifts and your life now perhaps take it.
Too look forward to it. Approaching the beginning of summer, remember?
Beginning of summer has passed, the summer solstice tomorrow friends. Time flies so fast, enjoyable each day to it, no place to place emotions do not meddle with him
You go on vacation pull longan
Of a hair ah, dummies!
Well the money! !
you guess
Up so early! ! &#39;
Not as good as reading countless people guiding teacher. As their own guiding teacher to realize
Themselves to realize as good as reading countless people
Going around in circles is not about words
This is how I eat enough to tease me
678 seemed okay
It is combined
Now why can not a joke
He also wants to be aid
Kun sister!
am I pretty
Renmei milk big Zuitian.
Performance okay
necessary.
I want to buy his men&#39;s products, my writings to be finished
what to buy? Today special 30 one ton
Well, first to one ton bullwhip, sent directly to the victims boyfriend there!
They said the flower child listening to the Little Tigers ... ... so ... ...
Each child by force
Here you also see
I conspicuous
Seeking coat ~
And people do not have air conditioning and heating grab coats!
I do not have air conditioning, OK! ! ! ! But I have heating ~
Graduation trip with demand
Walked
Haha Where to go
Europe go or not
go with!
Good to plan
You are not in his capacity as elders ah?
Uh ah attitude to someone who can be regarded as a bar elders
Right ah, most people are disgusted with people to talk to someone who has their own identity
And six years ago only to stay around you
But not to learn the geography and English
There are sad and happy ah
A big bunch of ah Columbia
Ghosts plates have been such a big
So they just so big. . .
Super Bowl is not tomorrow
To sell Meng point 32 goes like this!
Which Zhang? I have always been hot it Meng
Not that you are wearing a plush ball goes on to say, ha ha ha ha ha ha
Are you sure you are wearing a plush ball?
I am not sure. . .
A child is a pet ah
I have finished poured
See you back about loud noise, and I go back many times you holding you down yet?
It is not ye
I think you slightly hold back hungry to lose weight, but you then lose weight, then what have you left?
Left fertilizer ten kilograms! ! !
Well wow, good to Karma!
amount…
You look better fat Karma points
Heze Heping Road ah there, I thought you do in Jinan
Haha, every place has
Really up? Chengdu did not have to. . Haha
Really ah, my family in peace road ah
The house number also say chant
This can not be said
Why Why Why thank my brother to see the ball go back and buy you a pulsation
Tonight 无眠 own drunk this morning
Ha ha ha you intellectuals speak and listen is that we put this one all night tonight ha ha ha ha
Take medicine
I go back to get off work go to the pharmacy to purchase a number
Also purchase a number, when you really own giraffe, ah, long neck efficacy is not up to it? Haha
Why I read feel tomorrow never see you, you may want to have some ah big sister. .
Unlikely to want to open. . . Depression yet
Do not ah, life is really good. I break the curse than most of you
Honey, fully understand your feelings, some time ago just experienced, and then Ren Ren, like maybe tomorrow
Well difficulties for several days so. . Since 7.8 months beginning no how delicious the food supplement.
My family attached three days, or eat, or not eat a meal, gas would not have done me directly, do not eat, and now is just right, it is not, add a little to eat in a little too salty stuff , you will not have to remind her appetite
The problem is, see I picked up the spoon on her mouth closed tightly. How not pry open! !
By the way, you try to make her own hands, something that you have to feed, when to let her catch, my home a few days without eating on their own time to get involved, just let me begin, let him not eat, and then let he caught yourself feed him he ate, he is everywhere yourself will get
A lazy good sister ah. . Give her a ball, catch refused to feed her people.
I finally found the cause of the ugly
I woke up two thermal open air! Only 27 degrees!
I was hot wake up, they took me off the air conditioner slightly
You even worse
Is Well, the whole of the four points I had no sleep to wake up slightly
Girlfriend so ugly thing
I watch the light man yet to see his girlfriend
Well like, would not it be handsome ah
Handsome or not it, with touches of his girlfriend okay ~
Which it is, like the empress and pink pirate captain
May it matter what&#39;s important
Exam, as well as part of her day. .
Which she ah. . . Seen for many years, it is estimated is a lot of it = =
You go out stroll
Dog, you where to run, see you all day yesterday, looking for a dog which went
Why did you call yourself? ? ?
We went to the Longji terrace, Haojing
Guangxi have terraces? !
Terraced Fields Yeah, Haojing
Indulge in every day to see photos
Indulge in your flesh Fan
That you&#39;re sick of the heavy, heavy you
Joke joke I like her all
Having failed to make the entertainment fast, look for new breakthroughs in the direction of the public interest, it is estimated will not last long, did not not take advantage of their small meat will be replaced by long behind you.
Before his debut on the opening luxury car lets you down
You knew that luxury car is his?
High-Benz pick people will need the money?
Everyone see things differently, I stand my ground.
Put the pasta to sell himself
Why not eat people alive!
Haha, wake up?
Still in bed
I&#39;ve been working hard most of the day hey
List sister
List sister is not possible to maintain the mystery
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha belch
I received no bonus
New Year knew the poor do not go out to play
Play it play it out for fun
Nani? What is the situation?
We have a sister paper of the nearest place to sleep
What do you mainly want to express a pinch?
Consider
All right all right, I&#39;m praising you ah
Thank you, ah ... You go to bed early.
Well, good night sister
What wheatgrass can do ah?
what?
You can do? What is that you use?
Warm bed ah
I take a bath to slightly bye
Well, waited in vain even wash
Bath slightly! !
have a bath
Washing slightly! ! Before a wrong number
Gentle point Well ... ...
Ok.
Family came to an end
I do not give one hundred
Back into a hundred pieces of rejection you face
Li ah, you have not thought it was possible screenshot of what made Avatar
I have that too.
me too
You should go to the store to buy some meat to it to meet its stomach, it might consider to go back with you
But unfortunately it did not meet its local store
Fate not to
Young do not sleep
Which young age also need to sleep
Sooner or later have sudden death
Favorite cucumber taste
I liked it, especially frozen over, as if the more sweet ~
Then I ate it cold the next
How you do not send my brother a new package
She can not afford the package
That is stingy, cheapskate!
We all know
With her
Buy the morning dumplings 6 dollars. So sad I was three dollars in Kunshan
What Kunshan that?
Kunshan City, Jiangsu Province, Suzhou, Kunshan, the birthplace of opera.
Names I know, I thought you said the money to buy three Kunshan
P8 seeking artwork!
Kazakhstan today, tomorrow stranger to you whisper it not too much hair you ~
Well, the main Xie Xiebo friends
Send it
Uh uh uh,, you go to wash socks.
Regardless of your socks first wife
Kieu small old woman
happy Birthday!
Thanks Daya
you&#39;re welcome! !
So that is not a conclusion, but nothing for the song, so to say because a good song is the title dotting the eye, is particularly important. Another Hackberry Well, creation and acceptance can not be completely separated, or evaluation of the criteria it works. From single skill is also questionable. Here to explore it, but fortunately, a group of sensible listeners.
Whether the song and the lyrics can not be completely separated it ... Of course, as a listener, you have the right to express their views, but from the perspective of people doing things, little advice, always good deep breath, especially after work, in the understanding of the whole picture of things before, do not rush to comment. In addition Hackberry song lyrics I do not like it, just want to say that health is his brother say the truth, the angle of approach and the standard is different.
... ... how should I say, precisely because of the different angles so only express their views. In fact, need not be so and labeling. I do not keep meaning to refute, nor hobby human teacher. Thanks understand.
IMHO, because we have different opinions, you think I was in the &quot;exaggeration&quot;, whether this is a &quot;exaggeration&quot; of it ... And I said, I&#39;m not saying you can not have opinions, nor is it you want to refute, because to be honest I think the new album has not come out, let&#39;s look at a brief introduction began to argue, really strange ... made to do this, we agree to disagree.
Really a bit of momentum before my uncle no one would dare to commit muddy tube up my mother meal swearword · on the good
Mom v5 ah ... uh ...
Mummy are very v5
This morning on my finger was caught in the fan
Microwave should also look at it is not serious, are not you do not want the exam?
Were you guessed it!
Please state if local village northeast Men
That should Zhashui
Put straight tongue
Ha ha ha, good
Tips, remember to full power!
To not go hand in hand
Others umbrella my knife
I really envy you that someone hurt someone who loves little girls
So pull your stomach in the morning also envy it
envy! But also thin 3 pounds
Goodbye brother spicy Zhijun
Kay later find you when you can call on me
Ha ha ha good da!
Qianqian the United States was not
The most beautiful guitar
No
Jiqian also like to watch movies
Why can not I like to watch movies??
Just think what you make very little interest.
Dizzy ... ... ... I am very interested in a lot of things, basically reading does not matter much what I&#39;m interested in. . .
How anti-over, I thought you did not read in addition to interest
cut. . . Underestimate me.
You are very mysterious, ah, you do not understand
Next year another animal year, the time off really fast
You look lovely pieces
You a liar to say about all day and I see what I&#39;m really about Kazakhstan
Day fussing with feeling
Not to mention the best in the super topic []
Do not think to mention what is not, is too pedantic Kejifuli
Since enclosure Meng, focus on their own
Looking for a boyfriend, right
Why do you want to be able to boyfriend
And consequently we can do, ah,
Figure 5.6 is a white marble ester or child support?
These are the white beeswax Oh!
Forgive my ignorance
Ha ha ha fairies hold afraid
Mody Mody Good morning ah!
good Morning
Hey Christmas party again
Nana. . Nana to a
You are wrong my sister do is dance
From doing posters, party to the next line, and then pay to advertise, it does not seem a technology company enjoyed this treatment. Hammer Branch refueling
My family had
Ah, probably my ignorance of it
Well delicious Thai food
I particularly want to eat hot and sour powder board
That eat durian, cheap
you&#39;re awake. Go a few days ah?
Just one week
Well!
You want to replace what hairstyle ah?
Zazi is cut and then do a soft, curly hair a little dirty Oh Oh
I think we can choose to try.
amount. . Oh I have to think about
Solving the remaining eight teams last how four people? Not at the expense of the two men, as well as a human arm fly, there is one person do?
There is a play of Du Jiang that it also seemed to hurt so I did not go
Thank you
Quietly seeking Amway
Break in the clouds! Very beautiful! !
Ok I first read the campus paper at hand ooo, ooo
43 million people in Liaoning waited 23 years
So you are Liaoning
Maybe he just rub hot
We are also good for her later life is a hard dog to do more for the money that the poor do not pick it take to be a living person to walk upright
Dogs do it for the money? Poison mouth so it can be really hard heart
Is there anything toxic than take the money cynical called magnanimous
You are of low quality + low double Suppliers
All right, my mother also taunt me that your classmates are married, you have a girlfriend ... I do not ...
What was supposed to, how parents are so anxious
I think so too, ah, anxious what, 30 years of marriage is not normal for you?
The truth is ... we do not have 30 years on the
Infield bleachers little more comfortable or more comfortable?
It must be the most comfortable in the field of the first row, or hemp or outfield
Means that the field behind the rows of the stands is not as yo
Head,
In case within the field can be up front and go, ha ha tangled dead
I can look up feet?
Whatever you are, you do not know claw
You have so many phone did not play more than a waste to give me a chant
Report No.
You have come?
I? Where were you?
Beijing ah
Oh oh ah na
If it does not rain I came. . But really I hate the rain no other way to remind you that you should be with another man today show
Oh? I can see how
correct. . A few days before the Games, they have games. . Let me TAO and Luhan very good impression ha ha ha
Can Lie blanket? Taking too goodwill? ! I also quite like Luhan Yoga Lin handsome too Meng
I&#39;ve read school has a separate bedroom bathroom
How many schools have you read ah? Haha
Four or five bars, there are two primary reasons transfer account, a middle school, a high school, currently third year
Where I work from her primary school very close before, occasionally passing by that time she was a primary school
But the truth is that you do not know him
Yes, I do not know just work around that concern when she did not know she was in elementary school, quite close to it from three or four alley
So that
Obviously fiance
Yes, certainly since getting married so his courage bigger!
Too much next time such a thing must call on me, please! !
Do not call, you go away
I&#39;ll be there
You love me you love so deep
I love any time you
I would have said you lost it
Haha stupid child hit
You are more stupid stinking son
It has been three points, and I succeeded to save the planet. . .
Haha, I have roared in the group ~ ~ ~
I flashed the group head. . .
Welcome ~ ~
You Mi chaos harm it. .
I am a good professional coffee!
You Forget it, you will really professional harm it. .
I also want to play.
Well come to our company for a long time upstairs is good!
To Well
Long time off work to Ha ·
Oh, our wisdom eyes at least 3000 km apart duck children are not recognize me
You do not come back to see people! The lobby did not do it
He did not come back ah
Ready for a long time to come back ah?
can not say it clearly
First, like me off single
Seeking grant boyfriend
Why are you want a boyfriend! ! My friends are single
You can not be girlfriend
I can not single off can introduce you to yo
Troops who point to point, is you
Ah, I am a school to graduate eh, I remember second grade, the teacher let students volunteer one day earlier to help clean up the class, the same day back to school to school, the boys Quban book, girls hair count down, per person made one of fact, not so tired, are our own doing
Now do not allow students coming
Pareto forward?
Clear, clean up, we did not see the students into the school
And eyebrows painted posted up like a little Mei Feng Okay
Ah Yo I believe is not a good photo
Brow too strong point
I do not have a fight
Less play
I&#39;m not the enemy
Yesterday saw your cake in a cake DreamWorks
I know I can speak yesterday duo A dream jingle cats and is a thing? I was not being stupid crying.
Are you stupid laugh
You can not do, why do you have to go to convince others and you have the same idea that he is weak weak, a few of them do better than you
She did not need other people, her heart is good, too good, get it
So there is only so many people she was a good person
I think so, it is her most beautiful and kind-hearted
Just not brave
I think she has been very brave.
At least several other people braver than she
Mattress mattress drops men.
How in the lottery?
8 to see what a hero ah. Look what position you play,. T
Mathematics so hard
Early ah
Early ah
You did not see this
I feel into the trough, and reading is not excited, encouraged me to hurry up.
I feel into the peak! My morale overflowing, you can not lose my oh
This sentence weak burst. .
In fact, who has admitted that he liked it so difficult to do? 233
who do you like
Many people know about it, deep
You know who you are
What I do know who I like you = = A
And you do not know about speech
Zai Zai have to sell it?
Only had a
Why have only a dog? Law bucket is that right?
Not necessarily ah, randomized
I want to teach high school, I do not want to teach primary school ah
Oh primary school summer vacation the whole weekend very comfortable playing ~
I do not like primary point is not the point. . .
Hey each have their own good
I have to when you
Hold on! From now on them into the future you!
May the years not old, we leave
Yeah like to see the guy&#39;s right
Where I went to play it?
Taipei chant
Noon evening saliva t ... hello ...
I do not know what you&#39;re talking about
No, you know, or I explain?
listen! listen! listen! The voice of heartbreak
The broken pull out ... ...
Aunt love brilliant paper
Haha, it is estimated in a manner not express love for lights out leaves
We want to keep, every day
Drink like a million to spend oil
You buy a mouse
Well, then you send
Lo count, do not drink, will die
Storm is the need to pick up it.
Actually booed by the weak. . . .
Haha, what&#39;s this weak subject, secretly know like, we have to spare his face
OK
Good afternoon, it&#39;s beautiful ~
Haha Good afternoon
Still love your work ...
Thank you, ah, this is the best tribute to the
Where have you been
Lake
Fish yet
But eat wood eat the head
Nine of the original fire a squadron, familiar place, your attention
you are?
My friend is your ally
Now still active?
Yeah
He is still on the train or to? Have fun not? Cold is conceivable
I&#39;ve been back to school slightly ~ now pack her things and then take the train home at night, yeah - you do not buy a ticket back
That&#39;s tomorrow at noon to?
Half past six p.m.
Own good rest
I saw I was tired
Why
For I am very disappointed
Ah ha ha ha ha ha ha ha every winter Ponyo turned into - - ugly Ponyo
Ha ha ha ha too Meng
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha I&#39;m surprised
When to Suzhou to play?
July from the east south, will go
Ok
You build on your land in Ya&#39;an do? Where to go?
Go Ouse side of it ~
Ouse are next to asbestos ~ I want to go home today ~
Haha I live in Jinkouhe live in is not here tonight, tomorrow is uncertain hey now mainly during the day to work would not be able to find you play. . .
Do you pay attention to safety slightly ~
Today Shaisi wash up to now I have not not go out
Xinxiang is really getting hot
Dirty ah
Casual feeling you&#39;re trying to say it but actually look hungry, &quot;I have animal yo! Come and praise me ah! Do not stop.&quot;
Do not say hate is so clear (
Always I wanted to ask you how this happened 00 members
7 days members only. . .
Oh ~ ~ ~
I compassionate people. Where does it hurt you, where I would pinch.
I&#39;m hungry Ming emperor
Hungry it, endured
This time you do not sympathize with me Well
But, let you eat fat, you will I complain.
Hello emperor cute ah! ! [Crying violent place
What cry
Since met lovely people in life feel unlovable life becomes super cute together it moved
, sleep early
To the emperor kiss!
Ok
Camera technology add money to be
Cat night
Still early
How tall are you
167
That&#39;s fine ah
I wish the happy little brother Qingming
Hung Ching Ming live network happy, not too happy disco graves
Give me a good talk! Back Naicha
The students, I do not feel you want to come with us enthusiasm
Without enthusiasm others let me go
Why do not you do God
How-lost wallet
No ha. East West is what put put can not find it
Certainly look good at home.
I definitely hiding. But Wangcangnaliao
So you do not look for her when pulling out
Sometimes it is. Hao Fan of
Nothing in no hurry · · · more urgent the more annoying!
When the snow ~ ~
Ok! ! Xiamen snow when I buy. . .
Hate ~&gt; &lt;~ ~ it is not meant to refer a
I am a default. . When the snow to buy presents for biscuits
What kind of paper just saying Ma ~
Chant over two days ago, in which you gnaw through? I heard not a holiday, not to eat some dumplings?
There are also frozen dumplings ~ okay, but reopened tomorrow
Frozen dumplings. . So poor girl, school tomorrow, you fake it really short, like yesterday, just finished the same. . .
I can not believe that God stick, but also with the camera, please be reasonable!
In fact, chances are they do not believe in modern society who are not stupid. Well photographed stars are common
Approval
South Korean artist to break up the routine ... ... So you used to be together because it was too busy? ?
Whoops, allowances for, what strong is better than a small three spade derailment
This remark rational
Haha
Son, like mother, certainly handsome flower
Hate you, how can I bother you, but I very much hope that the baby like me!
Oh, I am very loyal friends!
Probably not
Like you ah
More like
Very kind
Seeking sense of presence ~
Weak weak sense of presence
There is no sense of presence
Eat pickled mustard buckle meatloaf
There wisdom farmhouse snacks
Shandong pancake
Secretary will quietly wait for you to come back, rest assured!
Do you want to quietly secretary
Dear handsome secretary have both quietly secretary
Well, forget the old back pain
I think the old dance through the waist
Bad review
Praise back now
Not a handout, refused
Ambitious
Fujian Shaxian snacks really miss
You can come back
Go back
Ah ah ah ah ah ah ah You&#39;re so handsome Bo made love you da Good Morning Meme
Early in the morning super happy ah
Super happy
I wanted to know where to buy clothes
Beijing to take you to scan cargo
Well no light entity shop ah
Why pay attention to my people become less of it
If there is no interaction, or did not get the information they want from you, it is also concerned about doing, is not it
Alas, it is estimated that
um hum,
Under control, junior sister apprentice, I do not learn Shige
I will! You are fat now?
I am fat, less than 10 pounds
That&#39;s okay
congratulations! Please drink with ...
Ha ha ha &#39;tea! A big thing, and so I took the certificate to notify you Hi skin, not less than ha ~ ~
Quest, goes to! Small ready and able
Small Bu realize when you promise to
Who can say that my home Mei Mei cute! Sprite poured take him!
You know it! ! Pot child!
understood! The men sit top boxes coolest!
I still have not figured out the piece in the end Jiaosha ah
Why not eat dumplings
Eat north, southerners eat
Well ... a thing more delicious ah! My Southerners love to eat ha ha ha ha
Boring blanket, do you think she will find something
After all, Kazakhstan is also just finished college entrance examination
Yes, free of chant
When the director of your own movie, when official propaganda?
Waiting, tired of harm can be a big movie! !
Most concerned about your movie guide
Summer is coming, the beer line and string children it!
Sister school together ah
To go from ~
Up so early you were in school you
Not at home
Note that the action goes by so fast, do not forget things safely carry-on baggage
Thank you, oh ah hey hey you remind me not to forget something it no matter where you go to play but also to pay attention to some things Oh Yeah did you know I will be blessing peace
Hey collective scarves .. ha ha ha ah I know to find it
After more attention to their own
You look really curious about is how nice aspect to this virtue your parents did not teach you politeness and respect it, oh I&#39;m sorry you do not understand so many strokes estimated word
I do not look longer any virtue snake My parents taught me to see the snake can not see the chin or they would be killed the word did not understand so much I do not understand pinyin
IQ is flawed to say irrelevant to ask you to forget what professional what your school graduate? What is not normal human research to learn what I&#39;m happy so many words back to you
Finger good read
Do not deserve it!
Haha Zhendi
Wang compliment I accept ~ happy
Grief, take care
It is to lose weight ah ... so cruel
I jump every three to four hours do not have to lose weight
Projects in which
Weifang, Shandong
I am also in Tianmen
what are you doing
data
Easy ah
Not yet begun&#39;ve been playing
Now how about dying, I want to save it?
Storm to no friends!
It can not, it is no friend ... I ... Well ... how to survive ...
Until finally you more Bo! ! !
Eat a meal a week
Yes, in this regard stems to forget
Two? You are living waste, sister can not staple.
Waste because they do not flesh it meant happiness staple food to eat less and hungry while you, you good foundation
Yes, look at me, eat two pounds of two long, efficiency Guards.
Rich and handsome
I have not read last night, will be home to continue watching
Er er, more than three hours it
Rosen really like!
Onigiri not 7--11 delicious little lost
I think the last time you bought only a few bites bite to eat no
Each floor of the toilet I do not understand
So you are into chaos it
I have to bend as a ladies&#39; room ... ... ...
Li Jue unknown
I do not know when I am gone, and what a feeling
I think I was not too hypocritical ah ha ha ha ha
But also hypocritical several times ah, say is not ah
Refuel
sick
Or back to school.
You are a small frog it
I am a small frog jump
You say what is what
The role of force is mutual chant do not believe you beat Wall
Wall did something wrong
Wall so that he might dislike the
Yao Yao Huan off or so, that you did not school ah
Years after it. In the home New Year
Is not it boring
Very boring
Back HIGH
Congratulation
So you want me to go?
Are you going to Shanghai? ? ?
Buddies when such a heavy taste.
I was helpless ~ ~ ~. In order to take the exam in English afternoon sleep,
Good reason, you can look at the English class thing.
No, I still can not see.
Or find a harmony of something and see, not for you.
This fiftieth? No, a good deal it! Big trees, ah, ah good type, the opening was really good ah!
The second tree today to buy a new, less expensive, 30 yuan!
Ah ah ah ah ah!
Hee hee!
Drink in the morning? ? ? ?
Oh, why, not what
… … Humph
Intoxicated, so beautiful it!
I love big meow ~
love you! I see the last half an hour it! Great Kanla you marry me!
I want to be married! Discuss it you can marry me
We can do two weddings, a Western-style Chinese once, when a man smashed a bride
Ha ha ha ha ha good romantic ah
In the end you are doing, and plastic surgery now?
Haha, er ah, pulled a leather
Pull eyelid? do you still need this? Someone suggested that I go down. .
Good hairstyle can ah I will not be playing it
About face is the meal hairstyle
Haha
This is to sweet ah? ! But now Lin Ai mentality or completely wrong ah ... ...
I&#39;m waiting for them sworn it
He is 6, and suddenly I look forward to this drama of it
Wish u stable growth and progress visible.
thank you
Unkind
Straight denim skirt feeling a little stiff or a word of it
I want to lace A-line dress
The lace can be washed, but should not be so vulgar flower
I go to work ah, that there is always time staring at a computer it
Ooo, that is the first busy bar!
But I also want attention, ah di
Pro-God horse you say it? ?
We are the same. .
This gives the circle I see Mongolia
M rabbit. . A little ignorant. .
Oh you addicted Starchaser
Older, yet so Cankuicankui
Ha ha ha look smaller
Why turn my old scarf
Orangemen to die
My pot
Cute little meat hand - it is your child child
Not, ah, I&#39;m single
Ha ha ha ha I also
Seeking camera
Apple is a full-length photo shoot
Oh, good-looking
Early Bird red ah ~ ~
Early morning ~ ~
You should say Cha cha
I feel should be Jiji grumble
Mulan when household organization
I did not eat the green group
Where your treasure to buy the home I really like this more than enough stuffing
He began to Chichi Chi
I do not want too tired to care about the fat on the fat it before you open more than happy to eat together anyway, you will not do me
Eat or you&#39;ll feel bad
There are people over there before not see fighter wreckage, out of the drone aircraft to do the test
You can not imagine all the way to the saline horrible was like a cattle plowed but particularly hard night camp also many mosquitoes
This place has a mosquito? Not have no animals? Mosquitoes how to live?
Mo how the Wu, Wu Mo is not a very nice thing, cut it
. . . Sure enough, your aesthetic is very strange
But I think you&#39;re beautiful acridine
You really that expensive, my side is enough Adds 25
This seems to be my home 100 knife.
Ha ha ha too expensive. What you get hair gone
I look up crayfish, I make a nutrition
This yogurt drink I returned a box &quot;
When are you coming back
12 bottom
Fast to about rice
Every morning drinking wine, the kind of remorse that responsibility, that we must resolve to stop drinking I fear, but in the evening of the first day of the kind of arrogance that kind of confidence, that we must give a drunk man momentum I do not know who he is! Wine for me in the end what counted
I do not bother you in two places
If you can quasi me
I think the only word good?
To be honest, writing does not look good, but the point than the pupils to write ... ...
I may be ugly word so that good-looking, right?
How do you lose weight ah?
Ah so fat to lose weight, then one is to exercise
It requires too perfect! But exercise is actually pretty good!
Or exercise to lose weight really great age
Home meal hee hee eat well enough. But the last of the dishes I wreck
Shantou
I Guangzhou, ha ha ha ha
I could not help but looked under his fat ...
Shut up, I said years ago, lean into the double digits, or not see me going to mess with a small flag
Ha ha ha ha ha I remember you this! And I also did not work together to lose weight it ha ha ha ha
But I always have nothing to do, I am conscious of the fat burn off waiting
No one is perfect
I think the crux of this issue frankly I can not have to accept their own marriage derailment
over thinking. Talk will not necessarily bear. End up not necessarily forever. You want to be able to accept their derailed when the other side is maybe derailed. Zuosa think so much.
Married people you are very free and easy ah
Simple-minded
What do you see, on this expression
air conditioning!
You look carefully, there is also a fan in turn
I have a friend that is, we can not accept, does not mean no. She does not know how distressed and parents opening ...
We should respect his (her), everyone has the right to pursue their own happiness, not about sex.
However, there are many who can not accept
We are very nervous, scary, sleepless night.
What are you nervous
Is nervous ah
I spicy nose are out, it has also been hiccups
Momo Tou
It is not a little else
I am also a rich second generation, but like you never thought such a high profile
Come, by a leg hug
Only a joke. Come
There are stories of people
Oh, I still wine
Well I do not have to drink
Monsters University good-looking it.
I always liked to watch cartoons, I feel good, that snail bright blind my eyes!
Ok. . I would also like to see.
I want to buy my work
You actually good this mouth
A dime Ai
You change the name? I do not know who you are, yeah!
. . . . . For a start, you do not know who I am. . . . .
To Oh, who are you
I do not know either. . . . .
To my big Henan
You want to get what?
Han did not get
Asked me to drink Hu soup it?
Lamb noodle bar
what! I do not eat meat, ah, ah too the smell of mutton
Ha ha ha I love is enough
Why young age you taste so heavy?
Like to eat lamb are good
Favorite pears, most do not like durian
Suffering not to say
I also feel that my character so
When are you going to ah ~ ~ I do not know what time to buy train tickets ~ ~
You do not pick up at night
I pick up ~ ~ ~ ~ tomorrow at noon to Hefei
My teeth are
Give me a quick reply
Master also said you do
Did not say a whole,,,
That quickly rode today forty - five fly north
I want to catch the last train to Beijing
Note inform landing coordinates
But also spent one day in a meeting in
You can think about life ah
No, more likely to think thin blue mushrooms
Good evening to sleep early
Can I translate what you these words: yesterday, for a long time did not go to nightclubs, I went once, I feel like a general ....
Er er. Ha ha ha. Correct
~ ~ That money Routeng eat meat does not have money ~
Haha ~ Hang brother I found you start to smart overdone! ! ! Are you still Bayuquan thing?
~ Well eleven after brisk walking but not in the
Well tomorrow or the day you free? I&#39;ll see you ~ ~
Girls Day a month of us
That you do not have to play every day activities, or also spend a lot of close friends?
Nor is it every day, there are ongoing activities
Apprentice, seeking science! Seeking gossip!
You know what I say is wow Le master - Come on, let&#39;s whisper gossip
Very clear!
We do not go to the ancient city g
I can not can not the. I measured body fat than a couple of pounds.
Water may be a couple of pounds, then you may stay up late
I was a genuine Nanjing tour guide!
You? In Nanjing Professional tour guide? Haha good eh! Give me a tour guide chant ~
Yah, I am a student, have a tour card, but did not take over Afghanistan mission
I am a person with a right hand and thought hey! Next week would be able to -
I declare you&#39;re fired home team and fat I pull the black
Shirt ah So you include me in the team ah fat house
I&#39;m not I&#39;m not! You&#39;re not yourself say it!
You drop Spring is coming?
Hi to you so smelly ah
Angry, old fish Tuesday to find it
Of course, go ah
Paris cool it
A good shower go acridine
Do not
for free
Do you
Ghost Tuisan
Big sister invited me to eat it dry noodles
Bowl 15 that do
To add Yuba
Add beef tripe
I came here on a business trip wow really tired
So, I said it, the winter should not be Daocheng Aden tourist season ah ~ ~ travel Headshake
But few people are good
great!
Oh ... thank you, nothing too serious spade.
I like you directly. . .
Hee hee ...
For example, I met ha ha ha, you can come across children
You&#39;re right, but it really is the guy you would also jump off the wall
I&#39;m also a guy ah
You have internship wages of people do not ask me to eat a meal wow
You did not start the internship
Er er. To almost a month
Which subway station ah
North Railway Station
Education kid owe it! ! ! !
Reply pretty fast, loud tell you! ! Their abbreviations are weak burst
I have ringing
Every time he saw eight plastic head I wanted .............
Ha ha ha. .
Now replaced by a third brother, too pull hate
why!
Congratulations yo! From the age of marriage is a step closer
Goals are not ... ...
what? !
You do not know broke up ... ah ...
I do not know, restrain their grief! New beginning!
After what I beg you do not work anymore -
Then you never see me pillow
Wake up, ha ha
IP set a limit spread there is a software called network Scissorhands just a little evil · · · ·
Limit not popular! p2p Terminator is the most cattle
I say that is directly off the network · · · · · P2P is not dark enough
Immediately went off to restart the router!
After the typhoon did not really feel all kinds of stand up, before her fall than seen serious steps will be to finish the stage, she feels completely ignorant up later
I have this feeling, so she just said the performance is not good ... ... ... ... hey results to be scolded.
Yes, fall is understandable, but no post-processing professional quality
I went back out! To connect several days to 15 days of rest have been six days I could not even break
We now from Shizui off. Estimates night back
Meme, too run around, drive slowly, and not be anxious Karma
Ha ha ha may be focused, and when I told Master that I deeply appreciate the feelings of the original twenty Meng ah! ! ! !
Ha ha ha ha really too burnt! ! ! !
Go back to Nan brother complained, Nan brother taught Cheats moment, I was saved with the young master, show you next week&gt; 3
Ok! ! ! !
I did not go to the canteen ordering today is very Bang Bang
That is commendable I lost eight pounds
Yapping how to do!
Save mainly bogey dinner meal amount of walking around each work
How do shrimp are delicious
I ate shrimp mouth still so hard
Well done well done
Today I went to School of Information Engineering, there are not you coming to school
This is not the place of arts test it
Yes ah your school really biased!
Hey despair
Fearless
Taking a look at my Foshan Shadow Kick
As a hill bell
Jiunidingtai
You will Tuicu
Your body will grow
That&#39;s what all long
After night comes a lid on eating fried bone shop
Weifang bar, Weifang Zhucheng passing ha ha ha ha ha ha
With Zhucheng
As the official micro grew up, you could be so lax
I&#39;m just a man
A people need to be treated more seriously and do their own to do or need to do, too, is happy Come on!
To listen to songs
Ready to play a few days to go to Sichuan, the horrifying dare to go?
Welcome to the Sichuan feel you have not felt the earthquake. Rest assured that the Sichuan earthquake are now just casually shake a bit, not serious. It allows you to experience an earthquake. This life without regret
I fear
Do not be afraid, earthquakes continue to play mahjong. Yesterday, I earthquake when playing mahjong on the 18th floor, moving did not move. Come on, you are welcome to Sichuan
I do not play mahjong
Hurry distributed to school girl!
School girl does not love cooks
Cooks?
Suddenly I miss you
Most of the night I think I would like to come to me
Oh My God
You concubines were many? ?
a lot of. To do a lot of male beauty
I like you a heavy taste, do not
Nest where heavy taste it
My God, this is just the end of the Spring Festival
I&#39;m too scared Spring Festival
A story about rice
okay
Today is my 20th birthday! ! ! I hope you give me praise it! ! ! It makes me happy! ! ! Thank you! ! ! I wish you all the best! ! ! !
happy Birthday
Thank you
Hey nothing the matter
You should have eaten Xiaolongkan
You do not ask me how I would also like to eat
I have not eaten
Delicious than wear sister
Then you take me to taste
Secretly ask what marshmallow cat
It seems to be no trace cats
Oh booming trance
Where black to do business? ? ? ? ? ? ?
Black home ·
Go back and do business? family business?
There you go again - -
Because I like ~
Like what
This inquisitive child gnaw like it? Line does not like
Suddenly grabbed the mouse is indeed much, ah, at least to express &quot;me,&quot; it
Just sit and watch, and naturally against the sudden silence opened my hand so that you have not met yet! I thought a lot of people like this? ? !
... cry ah ... whatever the outcome, to say it otherwise, I will not let go
Beijingers really sound like
Beijingers have this funny accent ah your sister.
Beijing is not the only thing
My husband and his brother, both in SF Express, I&#39;m busy every day to see her husband tired of rice have refused to eat, every holiday it really is busy powerful, not their job with not realize how tired ~ Although work tired, but express delivery, take-away, all the wind and sun, in addition to sanitation workers, and construction workers. Really tired ~
Friends say can not be cashed service commitment problem. Brother and your husband is not bitter bitter tired does not matter, no one said your husband&#39;s brother to do the work well. But the service side gives a commitment that fails to live problems you understand me
I know, I&#39;m talking about the courier did not arrive in time, you can call Cuicui, special instructions to send the goods,
Sweet and good looking, but she does not know how to describe the kind of good-looking
What about me that I do
You are 2 ah
Universal goddess
Played the match of the night, it is dead, it also won ha ha ha ha
Lu sister ah you lie
Opposite there is a pit than me
He should be a sinkhole
The train got wrong
This is also the line? ! Golden is not the owner?
There are master, and not tied to our community, the owner quickly came to see, and apologize, then who did not pay attention, we Pikachu big heart, home only to find, did not find the nerve to go to people, they go to the hospital himself
Looking at the next time, how have told the owner! Anti him with a little, is a good home for him. In case people do not bite on the bad what, but they have to let him know he does not find nothing to say, are we forgiving
He usually does not listen and told him if he did not want to come when life and death does not move, I told him yesterday that he was eating in teething rings ignore me, I grew more and more guilt started to cry, he saw me cry quickly ran I sit beside me rub
Super like the last time here not only to go to Fairy Hill Tiankengdefeng
I did not go to Fairy Hill one day too late
Should live one day ah side of the villa well my last group of people to live in villas in the resort area of tourism services across the hall
We are a group with a spicy, convenient I do not want to find their own way
I have a girl I have handed President for her.
You do not want a son ah ha ha
Or girl good son is too naughty, oh.
correct
You make me very excited Ang
Excitement can, do not impulse!
Hey.
Other people do not know, Tianshui couple is a pair of my letter, saying that I wanted to find a small three simply press them to death
Little Three may be adorable bag it
Obviously bags and are seeking three thousand daughters
Daqian eating
In fact, you know why I eat because it stays running, fear of weight gain
Mo, you run to see the road, do not look at the phone ah
I stopped the night wind blow, very comfortable
This is the season for love!
I really come running
Best of both worlds, physical love things correct!
Boss thought really good
I was missing love
Is your bedroom brawny so much you do not have the means to meet
I need you
Recommended Coke Zero
Coke could not sleep right
Drink is sugar-free
hate! I reject!
You&#39;ve changed Gouzi
I have been so beautiful
So I can not refute
Your summer vacation will come back to Guilin about it? J summer will be back
~ ~ Summer holidays may not be Oh, do not leave the first year only waiting for you to visit the
Oh you good fuel Oh!
Spicy food you Changdou
Ha ha ha I want to see how the sister school
I heart you know
Okay you have pity on me! The money can not get out
Then you give me the money, and I went out for you ha ha ha ha
do you pr
Oh, for
I also have a tutorial you would like to learn to do this effect
What effect
Black and white bar
fight
I want to chop off his hand
Very strong brother
Post the number of words and ultra-ranking does not matter, it is important to turn praise comment. Also, you look at the amount of reading each speaker, you understand.
Understand, understand, understand. If you look at the RCC will be a little uncomfortable, I think the number of posts is also very important, also three or four months people have also distanced themselves from the catch
Mmm
That Ye brother Why do not you come Tongguan it, here are delicious sensuality Hamburger bun is excellent here as well as superior taste of bran hot and sour taste great as well as the historic Tongguan pickles are our specialty ~ Welcome to taste
Juan, he did not see me
I did not see ah!
Brush has not seen, and instantly flooded.
Liu posted&#39;ve seen, I felt a bit strange. .
Liu posted the largest one say, I feel weird, but it feels a lot of things when people put the use of this in the face of daily use, so embarrassed ~ ~
Yup. . Well. . We do not shut. . In any case, Liu volume is really strange ah!
I thought you said spring is here, you send along with the spring
Ha ha ha ha, Mom, you made the spring is not a thing! Two days before his mouth back to bite people! ! !
I own the bite Ah, spring is coming, you have to refuel
Bie explained, kiss salsa to go! ! ! Happy Lantern Festival! ! !
T to play 2k
what
game
do not know
I&#39;m home
Not even a phone call to Kota, goodbye
So excited to get home, they are stupid
In fact, there is a problem it got it wrong, so I worried all day with
In fact, do not worry ... ... ... ... little effect, however, it will be announced before the college entrance examination scores, you want to know what they have to do before the college entrance examination scores it
Or it can become the driving force me to work harder right. By the way, we will soon be closed, in fact, the next time should be how to grasp? Especially the wrong question, ah, I have been accumulated matter, but do not know how to make good use
I soiled bed sleep
Old not seen for a long time, to the capital may find you drink ah
I&#39;ll wait for you in the capital
okay
Today it is not only No. 31
Yes, ah, ah, but 61 holiday, the children are May 31 through the ah
I wish you a happy holiday
That sugar blanket
Hybrid finished, the clothes did not hybridize. . . The village of ducks, geese, how would it look
Who knows what these scientists do it ~ ~
Something indescribable
And sister are sitting together in the sun
My sister and sister covered with blanket
Good warm, ruthless happiness
Many children go sideways childless elderly counseling to dog
This sentence is a prerequisite, it is good to go sideways more children, more children in rural areas, many of them are low-quality child
You discrimination, many rural technical school dropouts as hard as a lot of work to earn money, build a house and car ....
Good morning
Master getting up so early?
I am advance to play more, get up early the
