Joseph Harold Greenberg (May 28, 1915 – May 7, 2001) was an American linguist, known mainly for his work concerning linguistic typology and the genetic classification of languages.
His first great interest was music.
At the age of 14, he gave a piano concert in Steinway Hall.
He continued to play the piano frequently throughout his life.
After finishing high school, he decided to pursue a scholarly career rather than a musical one.
He enrolled at Columbia University in New York.
During his senior year, he attended a class taught by Franz Boas concerning American Indian languages.
With references from Boas and Ruth Benedict, he was accepted as a graduate student by Melville J. Herskovits at Northwestern University in Chicago.
During the course of his graduate studies, Greenberg did fieldwork among the Hausa people of Nigeria, where he learned the Hausa language.
The subject of his doctoral dissertation was the influence of Islam on a Hausa group that, unlike most others, had not converted to it.
During 1940, he began postdoctoral studies at Yale University.
These were interrupted by service in the U.S. Army Signal Corps during World War II, for which he worked as a codebreaker and participated with the landing at Casablanca.
Before leaving for Europe during 1943, Greenberg married Selma Berkowitz, whom he had met during his first year at Columbia University.
While in New York, he became acquainted with Roman Jakobson and André Martinet.
They introduced him to the Prague school of structuralism, which influenced his work.
During 1962, Greenberg relocated to the anthropology department of Stanford University in California, where he continued to work for the rest of his life.
During 1965 Greenberg served as president of the African Studies Association.
He received during 1996 the highest award for a scholar in Linguistics, the Gold Medal of Philology.
During the late 1950s, Greenberg began to examine languages covering a wide geographic and genetic distribution.
He located a number of interesting potential universals as well as many strong cross-linguistic tendencies.
In particular, Greenberg conceptualized the idea of "implicational universal", which has the form, "if a language has structure X, then it must also have structure Y."
For example, X might be "mid front rounded vowels" and Y "high front rounded vowels" (for terminology see phonetics).
Many scholars adopted this kind of research following Greenberg's example and it remains important in synchronic linguistics.
Like Noam Chomsky, Greenberg sought to discover the universal structures on which human language is based.
Unlike Chomsky, Greenberg's method was functionalist, rather than formalist.
An argument to reconcile the Greenbergian and Chomskyan methods can be found in Linguistic Universals (2006), edited by Ricardo Mairal and Juana Gil .
Many who are strongly opposed to Greenberg's methods of language classification (see below) acknowledge the importance of his typological work.
During 1963 he published an article that was extremely influential: "Some universals of grammar with particular reference to the order of meaningful elements".
He argued that genetic classification is methodologically prior to comparative reconstruction, or the first stage of it: one cannot engage in the comparative reconstruction of languages until one knows which languages to compare (1957:44).
He also criticized the prevalent opinion that comprehensive comparisons of two languages at a time (which commonly take years to perform) could establish language families of any size.
He argued that, even for 8 languages, there are already 4,140 ways to classify them into distinct families, while for 25 languages there are 4,749,027,089,305,918,018 ways (1957:44).
For comparison, the Niger–Congo family is said to have some 1,500 languages.
He thought language families of any size needed to be established by some scholastic means other than bilateral comparison.
The theory of mass comparison is an attempt to demonstrate such means.
Greenberg argued for the virtues of breadth over depth.
He advocated restricting the amount of material to be compared (to basic vocabulary, morphology, and known paths of sound change) and increasing the number of languages to be compared to all the languages in a given area.
This would make it possible to compare numerous languages reliably.
At the same time, the process would provide a check on accidental resemblances through the sheer number of languages under review.
The mathematical probability that resemblances are accidental decreases strongly with the number of languages concerned (1957:39).
Greenberg used the premise that mass "borrowing" of basic vocabulary is unknown.
He argued that borrowing, when it occurs, is concentrated in cultural vocabulary and clusters "in certain semantic areas", making it easy to detect (1957:39).
With the goal of determining broad patterns of relationship, the idea was not to get every word right but to detect patterns.
From the beginning with his theory of mass comparison, Greenberg addressed why chance resemblance and borrowing were not obstacles to its being useful.
Despite that, critics consider those phenomena caused difficulties for his theory.
Greenberg first termed his method "mass comparison" in an article of 1954 (reprinted in Greenberg 1955).
As of 1987, he replaced the term "mass comparison" with "multilateral comparison", to emphasize its contrast with the bilateral comparisons recommended by linguistics textbooks.
He believed that multilateral comparison was not in any way opposed to the comparative method, but is, on the contrary, its necessary first step (Greenberg, 1957:44).
According to him, comparative reconstruction should have the status of an explanatory theory for facts already established by language classification (Greenberg, 1957:45).
Most historical linguists (Campbell 2001:45) reject the use of mass comparison as a method for establishing genealogical relationships between languages.
Among the most outspoken critics of mass comparison have been Lyle Campbell, Donald Ringe, William Poser, and the late R. Larry Trask.
He revised the book and published it again during 1963, followed by a nearly identical edition of 1966 (reprinted without change during 1970).
A few more changes of the classification were made by Greenberg in an article during 1981.
Greenberg grouped the hundreds of African languages into four families, which he dubbed Afroasiatic, Nilo-Saharan, Niger–Congo, and Khoisan.
During the course of his work, Greenberg invented the term "Afroasiatic" to replace the earlier term "Hamito-Semitic", after showing that the Hamitic group, accepted widely since the 19th century, is not a valid language family.
Another major feature of his work was to establish the classification of the Bantu languages, which occupy much of sub-Saharan Africa, as a part of the Niger–Congo family, rather than as an independent family as many Bantuists had maintained.
Greenberg's classification rested largely in evaluating competing earlier classifications.
For a time, his classification was considered bold and speculative, especially the proposal of a Nilo-Saharan language family.
Now, apart from Khoisan, it is generally accepted by African specialists and has been used as a basis for further work by other scholars.
Greenberg's work on African languages has been criticised by Lyle Campbell and Donald Ringe, who do not believe that his classification is justified by his data and request a re-examination of his macro-phyla by "reliable methods" (Ringe 1993:104).
Harold Fleming and Lionel Bender, who were sympathetic to Greenberg's classification, acknowledged that at least some of his macrofamilies (particularly the Nilo-Saharan and the Khoisan macrofamiles) are not accepted completely by most linguists and may need to be divided (Campbell 1997).
Their objection was methodological: if mass comparison is not a valid method, it cannot be expected to have brought order successfully out of the confusion of African languages.
By contrast, some linguists have sought to combine Greenberg's four African families into larger units.
In particular, Edgar Gregersen (1972) proposed joining Niger–Congo and Nilo-Saharan into a larger family, which he termed Kongo-Saharan.
Roger Blench (1995) suggests Niger–Congo is a subfamily of Nilo-Saharan.
Its principal feature was to reduce the manifold language families of New Guinea to a single genetic unit.
This excludes the Austronesian languages, which have been established as associated with a more recent migration of people.
Greenberg's subgrouping of these languages has not been accepted by the few specialists who have worked on the classification of these languages.
However, the work of Stephen Wurm (1982) and Malcolm Ross (2005) has provided considerable evidence for his once-radical idea that these languages form a single genetic unit.
Wurm stated that the lexical similarities between Great Andamanese and the West Papuan and Timor–Alor families "are quite striking and amount to virtual formal identity [...] in a number of instances."
He believes this to be due to a linguistic substratum.
Some believe that two language families, Eskimo–Aleut and Na-Dené, were distinct, perhaps the results of later migrations into the New World.
Early on, Greenberg (1957:41, 1960) became convinced that many of the language groups considered unrelated could be classified into larger groupings.
In his 1987 book Language in the Americas, while agreeing that the Eskimo–Aleut and Na-Dené groupings as distinct, he proposed that all the other Native American languages belong to a single language macro-family, which he termed Amerind.
Language in the Americas has generated lively debate, but has been criticized strongly; it is rejected by most specialists of indigenous languages of the Americas and also by most historical linguists.
Specialists of the individual language families have found extensive inaccuracies and errors in Greenberg's data, such as including data from non-existent languages, erroneous transcriptions of the forms compared, misinterpretations of the meanings of words used for comparison, and entirely spurious forms.
Historical linguists also reject the validity of the method of multilateral (or mass) comparison upon which the classification is based.
They argue that he has not provided a convincing case that the similarities presented as evidence are due to inheritance from an earlier common ancestor rather than being explained by a combination of errors, accidental similarity, excessive semantic latitude in comparisons, borrowings, onomatopoeia, etc.
However, Harvard geneticist David Reich notes that recent genetic studies have identified patterns that support Greenberg's Amerind classification: the “First American” category.
“The cluster of populations that he predicted to be most closely related based on language were in fact verified by the genetic patterns in populations for which data are available.” Nevertheless, this category of “First American” people also interbred with and contributed a significant amount of genes to the ancestors of both Eskimo-Aleut and Na-Dené populations, with 60% and 90% "First American" DNA respectively constituting the genetic makeup of the two groups.
The only exception was Yeniseian, which has been related to a wider Dené–Caucasian grouping, also including Sino-Tibetan.
During 2008 Edward Vajda related Yeniseian to the Na-Dené languages of North America as a Dené–Yeniseian family.
The Eurasiatic grouping resembles the older Nostratic groupings of Holger Pedersen and Vladislav Illich-Svitych by including Indo-European, Uralic, and Altaic.
It differs by including Nivkh, Japonic, Korean, and Ainu (which the Nostraticists had excluded from comparison because they are single languages rather than language families) and in excluding Afroasiatic.
At about this time, Russian Nostraticists, notably Sergei Starostin, constructed a revised version of Nostratic.
It was slightly larger than Greenberg's grouping but it also excluded Afroasiatic.
Recently, a consensus has been emerging among proponents of the Nostratic hypothesis.
Greenberg basically agreed with the Nostratic concept, though he stressed a deep internal division between its northern 'tier' (his Eurasiatic) and a southern 'tier' (principally Afroasiatic and Dravidian).
The American Nostraticist Allan Bomhard considers Eurasiatic a branch of Nostratic, alongside other branches: Afroasiatic, Elamo-Dravidian, and Kartvelian.
Similarly, Georgiy Starostin (2002) arrives at a tripartite overall grouping: he considers Afroasiatic, Nostratic and Elamite to be roughly equidistant and more closely related to each other than to any other language family.
Sergei Starostin's school has now included Afroasiatic in a broadly defined Nostratic.
They reserve the term Eurasiatic to designate the narrower subgrouping, which comprises the rest of the macrofamily.
Recent proposals thus differ mainly on the precise inclusion of Dravidian and Kartvelian.
Greenberg continued to work on this project after he was diagnosed with incurable pancreatic cancer and until he died during May 2001.
His colleague and former student Merritt Ruhlen ensured the publication of the final volume of his Eurasiatic work (2002) after his death.
(Heavily revised version of Greenberg 1955.
From the same publisher: second, revised edition, 1966; third edition, 1970.
Articles, reviews, etc.
(Reprinted in Genetic Linguistics, 2005.)
(In second edition of Universals of Language, 1966: pp.
73–113.)
(Reprinted in Genetic Linguistics, 2005.)
1995.
"Is Niger–Congo simply a branch of Nilo-Saharan?"
In Fifth Nilo-Saharan Linguistics Colloquium, Nice, 24–29 August 1992: Proceedings, edited by Robert Nicolaï and Franz Rottland.
Cologne: Köppe Verlag, pp.
36–49.
Campbell, Lyle.
1997.
American Indian Languages: The Historical Linguistics of Native America.
New York: Oxford University Press.
.
Campbell, Lyle.
2001.
"Beyond the comparative method."
In Historical Linguistics 2001: Selected Papers from the 15th International Conference on Historical Linguistics, Melbourne, 13–17 August 2001, edited by Barry J. Blake, Kate Burridge, and Jo Taylor.
Diamond, Jared.
1997.
Guns, Germs and Steel: The Fates of Human Societies.
New York: Norton.
.
Mairal, Ricardo and Juana Gil.
2006.
Linguistic Universals.
Cambridge–NY: Cambridge University Press.
.
Ross, Malcolm.
2005.
"Pronouns as a preliminary diagnostic for grouping Papuan languages."
In Papuan Pasts: Cultural, Linguistic and Biological Histories of Papuan-speaking Peoples, edited by Andrew Pawley, Robert Attenborough, Robin Hide, and Jack Golson.
Canberra: Pacific Linguistics, pp.
15–66.
Wurm, Stephen A.
1982.
The Papuan Languages of Oceania.
Tübingen: Gunter Narr.
Pauline Donalda,  (March 5, 1882 – October 22, 1970) was a Canadian operatic soprano.
She studied with Clara Lichtenstein (no relation) at Royal Victoria College, part of McGill University.
In 1902, went to the Conservatoire de Paris on a grant from Donald Smith, Lord Strathcona, the patron of RVC.
There, she studied voice with Edmond Duvernoy.
She adopted the stage name Donalda in honour of her patron.
The following year, she debuted in London, singing the role of Micaëla in Carmen.
Donalda was the first to sing the roles of Concepción in Maurice Ravel's L'heure espagnole and Ah-joe in Franco Leoni's L'Oracolo at Covent Garden.
In November 1906, she returned to Montreal to sing in a recital at the Montreal Arena with her new husband, baritone Paul Seveilhac.
The following month, she began a season with Oscar Hammerstein's new Manhattan Opera House.
She returned to Europe in 1907, singing principally in London and Paris.
Donalda was in Canada when World War I broke out.
She chose to remain in the country, singing in concerts and music halls, with occasional appearances in New York and Boston.
In Montreal, she organized the Donalda Sunday Afternoon Concerts, donating the proceeds to war charities.
She returned to Paris in 1917, and married her second husband, Mischa Léon, there the following year.
In 1922, Donalda opened a teaching studio in Paris where she taught many students over the next few years.
She moved back to Montreal in 1937 and opened a studio there.
Her students in Montreal included Robert Savoie.
She founded the Opera Guild of Montreal in 1942, serving as president and artistic director until 1969.
In 1967, she was made an Officer of the Order of Canada "for her contribution to the arts, especially opera, as a singer and founder of the Opera Guild in Montreal."
This is a list of German football transfers in the summer transfer window 2017 by club.
Only transfers of the Bundesliga, and 2.
Bundesliga are included.
Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.
Lester Hudson III (born August 7, 1984) is an American professional basketball player for the Liaoning Flying Leopards of the Chinese Basketball Association (CBA).
In the 2007–08 season, Hudson recorded the only quadruple-double in NCAA Division I men's basketball history.
At the conclusion of the season, he declared himself for the 2008 NBA draft, but later withdrew.
Hudson was drafted by the Boston Celtics with the 58th pick of the 2009 NBA draft, but was later waived.
He was then signed by the Memphis Grizzlies.
Hudson later played for the Washington Wizards and Cleveland Cavaliers before returning to the Grizzlies in April 2012.
The Skyhawks were picked last (11th) in a preseason poll but finished fourth and qualified for the OVC Tournament.
Hudson made school, conference and NCAA history during the season, including becoming the first Division I men's player to record a quadruple-double (25 points, 12 rebounds, 10 assists and 10 steals vs. Central Baptist College) in a college game on November 13, 2007.
(Counting Ann Meyers' 1978 quadruple-double for UCLA, at a time when women's college sports were governed by the AIAW instead of the NCAA, five women have recorded quadruple-doubles in NCAA Division I women's play, the most recent being Shakyla Hill of Grambling State on February 2nd, 2018.
He also had a triple-double, eight additional double-doubles and cracked the 30-point plateau 11 times during his rookie season in the league.
He finished the season ranked fifth nationally in points per game (25.7); fourth in steals (2.8) and tenth in 3-pointers made per game (3.8).
He also ranked among the top 90 nationally in each rebounding (79th, 7.8/game), assists (88th, 4.5/game), 3-point percentage (72nd, 38.8%) and free throw percentage (67th, 83.4%).
A Memphis, Tennessee native who transferred from Southwest Tennessee Community College, Hudson is the first UT Martin player to receive the OVC Player of the Year award.
He was again honored in the 2008–09 season, the first back to back win since Murray State University's Marcus Brown won in the 1994-1995 and 1995-1996 seasons.
He was also named to the OVC All-Newcomer squad, became just the fourth Skyhawk ever named to the All-OVC first-team (2007–2008 and 2008–2009,) and was named UT Martin's Bob Carroll Male Athlete of the Year.
With All-American honors from the Associated Press and Collegeinsider.com, Hudson became the first player in UT Martin history to claim the honors since the school started playing in Division I.
On January 2, an injury ravaged Celtics team turned to Hudson during a game against the Toronto Raptors.
On January 6, 2010, Hudson was waived by the Celtics, but he was claimed by the Memphis Grizzlies two days later.
The Grizzlies assigned him to the Dakota Wizards of the D-League on February 28, 2010.
Hudson was waived on July 1, 2010 by the Grizzlies.
He played for the Washington Wizards during the NBA's 2010 summer league.
Hudson was invited to Wizards' training camp for the 2010–11 NBA season and made the team.
After playing six games for them, he was waived on November 23, 2010.
He was re-signed on December 20, 2010, but waived again on January 5, 2011.
In January 2011 he signed with the Guangdong Southern Tigers in China.
He joined Qingdao DoubleStar in November 2011.
He quickly established himself, scoring at least 23 points in three consecutive games from April 6 to April 10.
He also hit two last-second shots to force two games into overtime.
On April 20, 2012, after his second 10-day contract expired, he joined the Memphis Grizzlies for the remainder of the 2011–12 season.
On October 12, 2012, he signed with the Dongguan Leopards of China.
On March 15, 2013, he was acquired by the Austin Toros of the NBA D-League.
On October 1, 2013, he signed with the Utah Jazz.
He was later waived by the Jazz on October 26.
In November 2013, he signed with Xinjiang Flying Tigers.
On October 14, 2014, he signed with the Liaoning Flying Leopards for the 2014–15 CBA season.
On March 29, 2015, Hudson signed a 10-day contract with the Los Angeles Clippers.
On April 11, he signed a multi-year deal with the Clippers.
On July 15, he was waived by the Clippers.
On September 13, 2015, Hudson returned to the Liaoning Flying Leopards, signing a new three-year deal with the club.
He re-signed with the team on August 10, 2018.
Monique Ganderton (born August 6, 1980) is a Canadian stunt woman and actress who works in television and film.
Ganderton was born in Edmonton, Alberta.
She started out in modeling before moving to stunt work.
Standing 5 ft 11 in (1.8 m) tall, she has doubled for tall actresses like Tricia Helfer, Rachel Nichols,  Leelee Sobieski, Bridget Moynahan, Daryl Hannah, Rebecca Romijn and Famke Janssen.
In 2009, she was cast as Alia, a recurring role in Season 9 of Smallville.
In the 2019 film Avengers: Endgame, Ganderton was both a stunt woman and a stunt coordinator.
This is a list of women artists who were born in Latvia or whose artworks are closely associated with that country.
The white bikini of Ursula Andress (also known as the Dr. No bikini) was a white bikini worn by Ursula Andress as Honey Ryder in the 1962 James Bond film, Dr. No.
It is cited as the most famous bikini of all time and an iconic moment in cinematic and fashion history.
Andress's white bikini is regarded as monumental in the history of the bikini, and sales of the two-piece bikini rocketed after the appearance of Andress in Dr. No.
The lower part of the bikini features a wide white British Army belt with brass buckles and fittings, and a scabbard on the left side to hold a large knife.
Andress' bikini arrived at a key moment in the history of women's fashion, coming at the "birth of the sexual revolution": the 1960s.
In the corresponding scene of the original novel, the character Honeychile Rider wears only a leather belt with a scabbard, and no bikini.
Andress reported that when she arrived in Jamaica for filming, no costumes were ready.
She worked with director Terence Young and the costume designer to create something that fit her 5'6", 36–24–36 frame.
It was made from ivory cotton and was the only one made and worn by her.
It is a white belted bikini.
The moment in which Andress emerges from the sea in the white bikini has been cited amongst the greatest moments in film and one of its most erotic; in a 2003 UK Survey by Channel 4, it was voted number one in "the 100 Greatest Sexy Moments" of cinema.
The scene has been widely emulated and parodied on screen since.
The white bikini is regarded as perhaps the most important in the history of the bikini and sales of the two-piece bikini rocketed after the appearance of Andress in Dr. No.
In a survey of 1000 women to celebrate the 60th anniversary of the bikini, Ursula Andress in her white bikini was voted "The Ultimate Bikini Goddess".
Andress said that she owed her career to that white bikini, remarking, "This bikini made me into a success.
As a result of starring in Dr. No as the first Bond girl, I was given the freedom to take my pick of future roles and to become financially independent."
Andress auctioned the bikini through Christie's auction house in London, selling it for £35,000 in 2001, less than the £40,000 it had been expected to sell for.
It has also been emulated by Halle Berry, who wore an orange bikini with a toolbelt in the 2002 James Bond film Die Another Day.
When Daniel Craig took over the role of James Bond in the 2006 film Casino Royale, he appeared in a similar scene, emerging from the ocean wearing only a pale blue pair of swim trunks.
This thirteen-second shot, focused on Bond's body rather than that of a Bond Girl, was widely interpreted as a callback to Andress in Dr. No and featured heavily in the film's promotion, although Craig claims the resemblance did not occur to him until it was filmed.
Cellana radians, common name the radiate limpet, is a species of true limpet, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Nacellidae, which is one of the true limpet families.
The shell exhibits different morphological varieties, even in the same location.
The shell can be grayish white on the outside with rather flat ribs that are somewhat darker.
Its interior is iridescent and white, with gray muscle impressions.
The apex is off-center and sometimes worn off.
Worldwide phylogeography of limpets of the order Patellogastropoda: molecular, morphological and paleontological evidence.
Onthophagus adelaidae is a species of beetle discovered by Frederick William Hope in 1846.
No sub-species are listed at Catalogue of Life.
Neal Alexander Scott Mackey (born 10 February 1983) is an English cricketer.
Mackey is a right-handed batsman who bowls right-arm medium-fast.
He was born in Leicester, Leicestershire.
Mackey represented the Leicestershire Cricket Board in a single List A match against the Kent Cricket Board in the 2nd round of the 2003 Cheltenham & Gloucester Trophy which was held in 2002.
In his only List A match he scored 25 runs.
In currently plays club cricket for Market Harborough Cricket Club in the Leicestershire Premier Cricket League.
JNA Wireless Association is an amateur radio organisation based in Mumbai (formerly Bombay) in India.
JNA was founded in 1988 in memory of late avid amateur radio operator, Jamshed N. Anklesaria (callsign: VU2JNA) who died in 1987.
The organisation, currently headed by Sudhir Shah (VU2SVS) conducts classes and organises scramble teams to tackle disasters.
Anklesaria was a bachelor who invested much of his time amateur radio, and radio equipment.
After his death, instead of selling off the equipment, Anklesaria's brother requested current secretary, to perpetuate Jamshed's memory.
Shah, along with P Venkatraman and a few others then started the JNA Wireless Association with the equipment donated by Jamshed's brother.
The JNA has since then organised several classes and handled disasters around the city.
After a brief lull, JNA restarted its amateur radio classes in 2008, with two batches held at Malabar Hill and Vile Parle.
In 1993, JNA set up the first communication station at Killari, the epicenter of the 1993 Latur earthquake that killed 8,000.
Headed by Sudhir Shah, JNA provided live communication between Killari and the state headquarters at Mantralaya in Mumbai.
It broadcast messages relating to the extent of damage, extent of the calamity, and other life-saving messages.
In 2008, the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) included JNA as part of its disaster management operations to provide emergency communication support during the monsoons to provide live updates on the flooding situation in the city.
Five stations were set up at Nana Chowk, Milan Subway, Kalina, Santacruz, and Chembur and were linked up to the main control centre at the BMC headquarters at Fort.
In addition, another station, manned by Sha was set up at Malabar Hill with the help of the Malabar Hill Residents Association.
The Arabic Numeral Series, sometimes referred to as the Arabics, is a series of 19 short 16mm films  completed by the American experimental filmmaker Stan Brakhage in 1981 and 1982.
The Arabic Numeral Series gets its name from the fact that none of the films included in it have titles, instead opening with an arabic numeral.
Brakhage produced another cycle, the Roman Numeral Series, whose films all have Roman numerals instead of titles, around the same time.
All of the Arabics are silent and are intended to be projected at 18 frames per second.
Writing in a 1997 introduction to a screening of the complete cycle, film critic Fred Camper referred to the Arabics as being the "richest" of the filmmaker's 1980s cycles, explaining: "With some exceptions, the Arabics take the idea of the void as their ground.
That is, the light we do see almost always seems to be set against darkness, or occasionally against white, these momentary flickers that materialize tenuously out of emptiness.
But the darkness is not 'night,' or even simply some more abstract absence of light, but a more profound vacuum: it represents a world stripped of all the coordinates of the known, an unmeasurable absence.
[...] These lushly sensual, pleasurable-to-view films are also terrifying: their unpredictability, continually enacting new dramas of surprise, alternatively swamps the viewer in light and leaves him adrift in darkness. "
No Stranger to Danger is the second album by the Payolas, released in 1982.
It contains the hit "Eyes of a Stranger".
The album is only available on vinyl and cassette; it has not been released on CD or as a commercial digital download, although some tracks (notably "Romance" and "Eyes of a Stranger") appear on some compilations.
on their The Warriors EP, Volume 2 album.
The Bienwald is a large forested area in the southern Pfalz region of Germany near the towns of Kandel and Wörth am Rhein.
The western edge defines the eastern extent of the Wissembourg Gap, a corridor of open terrain between the Bienwald and the hills of the Palatine Forest.
In the northwest, the forest is bounded by the so-called "Cattle Line" (), running from Schweighofen to Kandel.
In the north, the forest reaches as far as Hatzenbühl and Rheinzabern.
The eastern boundary largely runs along the bank of the Rhine from Jockgrim to Hagenbach and Berg (Pfalz).
The southern boundary follows the valley of the Lauter along the border of France and Germany.
The bulk of the forest belongs to the municipality of Wörth am Rhein.
At its greatest extent, the Bienwald is approximately  wide along its east–west axis and  from north to south.
The forest has an area of some .
Approximately one-third of the forest is deciduous woodland with the remainder coniferous.
The forest has an elevation of  above sea level by the Rhine, and rises to  above sea level in its western extremities.
The only settlement in the Bienwald is Büchelberg (940 inhabitants as of 2015), which lies inside a clearing in the forest and is administratively part of the town of Wörth am Rhein.
On 13 August 1793, a battle of the War of the First Coalition took place in the Bienwald.
Austrian troops under Marshal Dagobert Sigmund von Wurmser pushed the French Army back and frustrated the relief of Mainz.
In March 1945, during World War II, the U.S. VI Corps and the French First Army assaulted German Siegfried Line fortifications in the Bienwald and penetrated German defenses in the forest during a week of heavy combat.
The forest is still marked by trenches and bunker ruins from World War II.
There are also older French earthworks (redoutes) in the southwestern parts of the forest where it borders the Lauter river and Mundat Forest ().
The proposed construction of a multi-lane controlled access highway through the forest is disputed.
The proposed road would connect the French A35 autoroute and the German A65 autobahn.
European wildcats have taken up residence in the Bienwald in the last few years, often using the ruins of destroyed bunkers for shelter.
is a Japanese anime television series broadcast from February 13, 1982 to March 26, 1983, comprising 58 episodes.
It is the sixth entry to the Time Bokan series by Tatsunoko Productions and the first series to feature a super robot as the main hero.
The series succeeded Yattodetaman and preceded Itadakiman in 1983.
The title character is playable in the fighting game Tatsunoko vs. Capcom: Ultimate All-Stars.
They are proud of themselves for being number one in the international ranking of billionaires for the past ten consecutive years.
Meanwhile, there is another lease company in the same city called Skull Lease, where the notorious villain trio work as top executives.
Their ostensible object is to disgrace the credit of Time Lease and replace them as the leading enterprise.
However, they have a scheme to secure a footing for world conquest.
One day, a transport robot of Time Lease is assaulted by the villain trio and Ippatsuman prepares to get on the move to fight for justice.
"Breakout" is a single from British act Swing Out Sister's debut album It's Better to Travel.
The single reached the number four position in the UK in the autumn of 1986, and rose to number six on the Billboard Hot 100 in the US and number one on the Adult Contemporary in the US in 1987.
The song also resulted in a Grammy Award nomination for Best Pop Vocal Performance by a Duo or Group.
The single was written and performed while the group was still a trio.
It was one of their biggest hits, and the song most closely associated with the act.
In the US, "Breakout" remains a staple of adult contemporary and smooth jazz radio station playlists.
During the first chorus, when Andy Connell and Martin Jackson appear, Drewery looks at them strangely.
It was directed by Nick Willing.
The Incredible Hulk is a side-scrolling action video game released for the Super NES, Genesis, Master System, and Game Gear.
The game was released in August 1994 and was published by U.S. Gold.
Five levels await ranging from city skyscrapers to alien landscapes.
The Marvel Comics villains featured as the five levels' respective bosses are The Abomination (who appears as a sub-boss in every level), Rhino, Absorbing Man, Tyrannus, and the Leader.
The player navigates The Hulk through the 7 different levels, defeating enemies such as The Leader's robots to The Abomination as a mini-boss in most levels.
Different power-ups can be collected, such as extra time in the level boss, super-health pills, extra lives, and tranquility pills.
Tranquility pills can be stored and used at will, and their effect reverts The Hulk back to Bruce Banner.
While in Banner form, the player has no form of attack, except for laser guns randomly found in a level, which only have 2 bullets per gun.
The player's only other option is to evade any enemies by jumping if not possessing a gun.
Bruce will transform back into The Hulk if any hits are taken while standing up on the ground.
The player can also utilize Banner's smaller size to fit through small passages that The Hulk cannot fit through, leading to secret rooms.
Through use of a cheat code, the player can swap through Banner and The Hulk at will during the pause menu.
There are 3 different endings in the game, depending on what difficulty the player has beaten the game on.
The Easy ending has The Leader scoffing at the Hulk's power, further angering him, and then going to the credits.
The normal ending contains The Leader leaving his hideout in an escape pod, and triggering the self-destruct sequence on his fortress.
The Hulk escapes before the fortress explodes, then the credits play.
The Hard ending can be considered the best ending, as it contains a lot of details from the Normal ending.
The Leader attempts to escape once again, but The Hulk retaliates by throwing a chunk of rubble at The Leader's escape pod and sending it down.
The battle is considered over, and peace is restored to the area.
If the player fails to continue the game, then the Leader takes over the world in an act of world domination.
All versions of the game have a high score list.
GamePro gave the Genesis version a moderately positive review, commenting that the best parts of the game are the well-done graphics and the "old-fashioned, platform-style action/adventure levels, each with multiple paths".
Mega placed the game at number 39 in their Top Mega Drive Games of All Time.
The four reviewers of Electronic Gaming Monthly gave the Game Gear version a 6.8 out of 10, commenting that "Game Gear continues to astound!
This one has great graphics and the game play couldn't be better."
GamePro similarly commented "The rock-solid Genesis game has been translated into one of the best-looking Game Gear games of the summer.
Marvel's heroes don't always fully succeed as hand-held games (just ask Spidey), but The Hulk rocks."
They praised the special moves, graphics, animation, and "imaginative" bosses, and remarked that aside from the sometimes inaccurate jump, the controls are perfect.
Reviewing the SNES version, GamePro again praised the well-done graphics and solid gameplay, though this time they criticized that the game is too easy.
Caladenia cretacea, commonly known as Stuart Mill spider orchid, is a plant in the orchid family Orchidaceae and is endemic to a small area in Victoria.
It is a rare ground orchid with a single leaf and one or two white flowers on a hairy stalk.
One or two white or greyish-white flowers with reddish-brown tips are borne on a hairy spike  tall.
The flowers have a fragrance resembling hot metal.
The petals and sepals are  long and sometimes have a reddish line along their centres.
The dorsal sepal is erect and the lateral sepals and petals spread widely but with drooping ends.
The sepals are flat near their bases and  wide at the base and taper to a thread-like end with reddish-brown glandular hairs.
The petals are similar to the sepals but slightly shorter.
The labellum is narrow triangular to lance-shaped,  long and  wide when flattened and curves downward at the tip.
It is cream-coloured with reddish lines.
The sides of the labellum turn upwards and have reddish a fringe of linear teeth mostly  long but decreasing in size towards the front.
There are about four rows of foot-shaped calli along the centre of the labellum, decreasing in size towards the front.
Flowering occurs between late August and early October.
The description was published in Australian Orchid Research, based on a specimen found in the Dalyenong Nature Conservation Reserve.
In 2007, Gary Backhouse changed the name to Caladenia cretacea, publishing the name change in The Victorian Naturalist.
The specific epithet (cretacea) is a Latin word meaning "chalky", referring to the dull white to grey colour of the flowers of this orchid.
It is only known from the John Colahan Griffin Nature Reserve near Stuart Mill.
A successful program of propagation and reintroduction of the species has been undertaken, 70 of the 124 individuals planted having survived as at 2016.
The main threats to the species are weed invasion and grazing by native animals and rabbits and as "Critically Endangered" under the Commonwealth Government Environment Protection and Biodiversity Conservation Act 1999 (EPBC) Act.
Charles M. Dawson (8 October 1893 – 9 October 1973) was a politician from the U.S. state of Indiana.
Between 1941 and 1945 he served as Lieutenant Governor of Indiana.
According to his great-grandson Charles McKinley Dawson III he was a farmer and he held several local offices.
Later he joined the Democratic Party and in 1940 he was elected to the office of the Lieutenant Governor of Indiana.
He served in this position between 13 January 1941 and 8 January 1945 when his term ended.
In this function he was the deputy of governor Henry F. Schricker and he presided over the Indiana Senate.
Charles Dawson died on 9 October 1973 in Indianapolis and was buried on the Crown Hill Cemetery in that city.
Co., Indianapolis, Ind., 10.
October 1973, p. 49.
"Prisoner and Escort" is the pilot episode of the BBC sitcom Porridge.
It was originally broadcast on 1 April 1973 as part of a series of pilot shows with the overall title Seven of One.
In this episode, Norman Stanley Fletcher is transported from London to Slade Prison by Mr Mackay and Mr Barrowclough.
When asked if he has anything to say before sentence is passed, the film jumps to Fletcher on a train saying "Cobblers".
Fletcher soon finds out that his prison escort Mr Mackay is very strict and doesn't allow him to read his paper.
Mr Barrowclough is softer, and tries to be friendly towards Fletcher.
It turns out that Mr Mackay is unhappy about having to do a prison escort on New Year's Eve.
In the North of England, McKay and Barrowclough take Fletcher into a prison van for the next part of their journey.
It soon transpires that Slade Prison is in the middle of nowhere, miles away from the nearest village.
Fletcher asks to use the bathroom, but Mackay does not allow this, as he is handcuffed to Fletcher.
Mackay instead allows Fletcher to go quickly behind the van.
Fletcher eyes up the fuel cap, implying that he is going to urinate in the petrol tank.
Later, their vehicle breaks down.
Mackay goes for help, leaving Fletcher alone with Barrowclough.
It soon gets dark, and Fletcher persuades Barrowclough to let them take shelter in a nearby cottage.
Barrowclough is doubtful that the cottage is occupied, but Fletcher reassures Barrowclough that he is "only an experienced house-breaker after all".
At midnight, Fletcher and Barrowclough wish each other a happy new year.
Fletcher offers Barrowclough some whisky, which he claims "fell out of Mr Mackay's pocket".
They soon get drunk, and Fletcher persuades Barrowclough to take the handcuffs off him.
With Barrowclough asleep, Fletcher attempts to escape.
Due to the darkness, Fletcher goes round in circles, and is severely disappointed to discover that he ends up back at the cottage with Barrowclough.
Fletcher pretends that he was going out for milk, but Barrowclough tells Fletcher that he could have got lost.
Finally, Fletcher arrives in Slade Prison, and Mackay informs Fletcher that the mechanic's report of the vehicle found something other than petrol in the tank.
Mackay warns Fletcher he'll be keeping a close watch on Fletcher, but Barrowclough tells Fletcher that he is pleased because the Governor congratulated him on keeping his cool during a difficult situation.
Barrowclough says he will do his best to help Fletcher out.
The railway station was at Ystrad Mynach.
The breakdown was filmed on the mountain road and a farm at Gelligaer.
Astrebla elymoides, commonly known as hoop Mitchell grass, is a herb of the family Poaceae.
Named in honour of Thomas Mitchell, it is regarded as the best of the Astrebla grasses for grazing, particularly for cattle.
Often seen growing to one metre tall, on floodplains and heavy self mulching clay soils in arid to semi arid Australia.
Flowering is in response to rain or flooding.
TuS Nettelstedt-Lübbecke  is a handball club from Lübbecke, Germany, that plays in the 2.
Handball-Bundesliga.
The McCraw Cemetery is a historic cemetery in Jacksonville, Arkansas.
It is located in a wooded area on the city's southeastern outskirts, well south of the Military Road (Arkansas Highway 264), and west of the Military Mobile Homes.
It has 37 marked graves, of which ten are of children.
The markers date from 1841 to 1937, and include some of the first settlers of northern Pulaski County.
The cemetery, a family plot of the McCraw family, was lost for many years, and is now under the care of the Reed's Bridge Historical Society.
The cemetery was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.
Michael Andrew Sembello (born April 17, 1954) is an American singer, guitarist, keyboardist, songwriter, composer and producer from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
Sembello was nominated for an Academy Award and a Golden Globe for his 1983 song "Maniac", which he sang and co-wrote.
The song reached number one in the United States and featured in the Flashdance movie soundtrack.
He is the brother of the late songwriter and composer Danny Sembello and the late singer songwriter John Sembello of Dino & Sembello fame.
By age 17 he was working professionally with Stevie Wonder on electric and acoustic guitar as a studio player on Wonder's Fulfillingness' First Finale.
He continued the same year, chosen as one of the core artists who worked on Songs in the Key of Life, an ambitious double album that took two years to create.
He was credited as lead and rhythm guitarist on most of the tracks—including the intricate jazz rock lead guitar part of the instrumental "Contusion"—and shares songwriting credit with Wonder on the song "Saturn", according to the album's liner notes.
Sembello wrote a song, "Carousel", which Michael Jackson recorded for his 1982 album Thriller, but it was replaced on the track list by "Human Nature".
The song was subsequently included as a bonus track on Thriller 25, the 25th-anniversary edition reissue of the album; the full version was later released on iTunes in 2013 as part of The Ultimate Fan Extras Collection.
Sembello released his first solo album, Bossa Nova Hotel, in 1983.
The song "Maniac" from that album, which he co-wrote with his keyboardist Dennis Matkosky, was selected for inclusion in the film Flashdance.
"Maniac" was the second-best-charting song from the soundtrack (after the title track) and the ninth-biggest single of 1983.
That soundtrack won a Grammy Award in 1984 for Best Album of Original Score Written for a Motion Picture or a Television Special.
Sembello produced guitarist Jennifer Batten's first solo album, Above Below and Beyond in 1992.
In 1994, he produced Argentine singer Valeria Lynch's album Caravana de Sueños (1994), and co-wrote the title song with Puerto Rican Wilkins Vélez.
Sembello's songs are featured in the films Cocoon, Independence Day, Gremlins, The Monster Squad and Summer Lovers.
His song "Gravity" from Cocoon was accompanied by a music video directed by the film's director Ron Howard and included an appearance by Howard in a scripted fictional foreword to the video.
In 2008, Sembello worked with saxophonist Michael Lington on his album Heat, which was nominated as Jazztrax Album of the Year for 2008.
Michael and his brother Danny Sembello penned three songs with Lington for the project.
Sembello has recorded his vocals in six languages.
In May 2009, the album Moon Island was released on EMI Japan.
The album consists of American pop songs given new arrangements with a strong Brazilian influence.
The Letaba River (), also known as Leţaba, Lehlaba or Ritavi, is a river located in eastern Limpopo Province, South Africa.
It is one of the most important tributaries of the Olifants River.
It joins the Olifants River in the foothills of the Lebombo Mountains, near South Africa's border with Mozambique.
In Mozambique the latter river is called the Rio Elefantes.
Tributaries include the Middle Letaba River, Nharhweni River, Ngwenyeni River, Nwanedzi River, Molototsi River, Nsama River and Makhadzi River.
Muthukulam is a small backwater village in the Karthikapally Taluk of Alappuzha district in the Indian state of Kerala.
Population of Children with age of 0-6 is 1719 which is 8.29% of total population of Muthukulam.
In Muthukulam, Female Sex Ratio is 1189 against state average of 1084.
Moreover, Child Sex Ratio in Muthukulam is around 852 compared to Kerala state average of 964.
Literacy rate of Muthukulam is 95.73% higher than state average of 94.00%.
In Muthukulam, Male literacy is around 97.48% while female literacy rate is 94.29%.
Out of total population, 6,505 were engaged in work related to Primary sector or business activity.
Of this 4,242 were males while 2,263 were females.
Of total 6505 working population, 72.85% were engaged in Main Work while 27.15% of total workers were engaged in Marginal Work.
Muthukulam has total administration over 5,692 houses to which it supplies basic amenities like water, electricity and sewerage.
It is also authorised to build roads within its limits and impose taxes on properties coming under its jurisdiction.
It is bordered by the Kanyakumari-Panvel National Highway 66 on the east and the backwaters to the west.
A narrow strip of land comprising Aratupuzha village beyond the backwaters separates Muthukulam from the Arabian sea in the West.
The nearest major towns are Haripad and Kayamkulam which are well connected by Kayamkulam-Muthukulam-Haripad road.
The nearest railway station are Haripad(HAD) and Kayamkulam(KYJ).
Pandavarkaavu Temple which is one of the oldest and important temples in the erstwhile Travancore is the major attraction of Muthukulam.
The temple which is believed to have been installed by Kunti Devi, Mother of the Pandavas, has goddess Durga as the presiding deity.
According to legend, each Pandavas had installed an idol of Lord Vishnu in the five places on the banks of the River Pampa and their mother installed Durga at Muthukulam.
They developed an idol with clay and offered it 'Kadalipazham' a variety of banana.
Still 'Kadalipazham' serving to goddess is practiced by devotees.
The shrines installed by pandavas dedicated to Lord Vishnu at Thrichitat, Thiruppuliyoor, Thiruvaranmula, Thiruvanvandoor and Thrikkodithanam, located in central Kerala districts, are collectively called ‘Pandava Temples’ of the state.
According to legend, the idol of Thrichittat temple was installed by the eldest Pandava Yuddhishtra, Tiruppuliyoor by Bheema, Thiruvaranmula by Arjuna and the idols of Tiruvanvandoor and Thrikkodithanam temples respectively by youngest ones Nakula and Sahadeva.
Travancore Devaswom Board (TDB) is drawing up an ambitious pilgrim tourism circuit programme connecting the ‘Pandava temples’ under the Centre’s ‘Swadesh Darshan’ scheme, which is meant for theme-based development of destinations.
Ramesh Chennithala is the Current Member of legislative Assembly.
Muthukulam is a place where the two alliances, UDF and LDF, have comparable power.
However in 2015 Panchayath Elections Indian National Congress won 8 out of 15 wards,  while LDF settled for 3 wards alongside Congress rebels,  Muthukulam Congress Samrakshaka Samithy which also got 3 wards.
BJP Opened its account for first time winning a ward.
Padmarajan: Eminent Director and the founder of a new school of film making in Malayalam.
Navya Nair : State Award winner South Indian Film actress and Classical dancer.
The Pear Tree (Derakht-e-Golabi) is a 1998 Iranian drama movie written and directed by Dariush Mehrjui with Homayoun Ershadi and Golshifteh Farahani in the lead.
The movie was noted for the exemplary craftsmanship of Dariush Mehrjui on his examination of the Iranian bourgeoisie.
This movie is also the debut film of actress Golshifteh Farahani.
He decides to take a break from his routine life and plans to visit his family's rural estate that is situated at north of Tehran.
He also intends to complete his book in this visit.
While at the estate, Mahmoud's attention is brought to the old Pear Tree that is situated behind the estate by the old gardener of the estate (Nematollah Gorji).
Seeing the Pear Tree,  Mahmoud thinks about his past - his infatuation towards his  14-year-old female cousin known only as M (Golshifteh Farahani), his adolescent dreams, how that changed over the years.
The rest of the film chronicles thoughts of Mahmoud and his past.
This movie is usually considered as one of the finest example of Dariush Mehrjui's craftmanship.
While some of the reviews compared it with Ingmar Bergman's The Wild Strawberries, some of them noted that some of the flashback scenes served as fragile symbols for the Mehrjui's hope for Iran's future.
The performances of Homayoun Ershadi and Golshifteh Farahani were hailed, and so as the cinematography of Mahmoud Kalari.
Tiarno may refer to 2 Italian villages of the province of Trento.
Nicole Watt, married surname Yam, (born April 28, 1985) is a Canadian former competitive figure skater.
She is the 2001 Canadian national silver medalist and competed at the 2001 Four Continents Championships and three Grand Prix events.
When she was eight years old, she was diagnosed with Juvenile rheumatoid arthritis and began taking a powerful drug, which lessened but did not completely eliminate her symptoms.
She is a national spokesperson for the Canadian Arthritis Society.
Her name became Nicole Yam after marriage.
As of July 2013, she is studying medicine at the University of Saskatchewan.
She landed her first triple, a Salchow, when she was twelve.
She first attracted national attention when she placed 4th on the senior level at the 2000 Canadian Championships.
She was coached mainly by Dale Hazell and also trained with John Nicks in the summer of 2000.
In autumn 2000, Watt received two ISU Junior Grand Prix assignments, competing in Mexico and China.
In January 2001, she won the senior silver medal at Canadian nationals.
She was assigned to the 2001 Four Continents and finished 11th.
Watt made her senior Grand Prix debut the following season, competing at the 2001 Skate Canada International and 2001 Trophée Lalique.
She was 4th at the 2002 Canadian Championships.
In late December 2002, her left knee was drained due to swelling caused by her arthritis.
She withdrew from the 2003 Canadian Championships after competing in the qualifying and short programs.
In February 2003, Watt said that her disease was in remission and that she was off her medication and training on ice 3–4 hours a day.
Her condition subsequently deteriorated, causing her to leave skating and stay off the ice almost entirely for three and a half years until autumn 2008.
Although she attempted to make a comeback, she did not qualify for the 2009 Canadian Championships.
Watt was one of the recipients of the 2004 Stacey Levitt Women and Sport and 2011 UCBeyond scholarships.
The San Pedro y San Pablo College colonial church and school complex built in late 16th and early 17th centuries, located in the historical center of Mexico City district of Mexico City, Mexico.
Today the church section of the complex houses the Museum of the Constitutions of Mexico−Museo de las Constituciones.
The former school section of the complex stretches along San Ildefonso Street to Republica de Venezuela Street.
The Jesuit missionaries were sent to the new colony in the 16th century for Jesuit Reductions version of Indian Reductions, and to found new missions and schools.
The missionary group that founded the college was led by Father Pedro Sanchez.
and the official founding occurred in 1574 with the name of Colegio Máximo de San Pedro y San Pablo (Great College of Saints Peter and Paul).
It was called "Máximo" because it was built to oversee the training of priests in Mexico City, Tepotzotlan, Puebla, Guadalajara, Zacatecas, Guatemala and Mérida.
Construction of the facility began in 1576, funded by Don Alonso de Villaseca and others.
The college's church, on the corner of El Carmen and San Ildefonso, was built by Jesuit architect Diego Lopez de Arbaizo between 1576 and 1603.
The church annex was completed in 1603 by Diego Lopez de Albaize, and the rest of the college complex was finished in 1645.
The purpose of the college was to provide university-level education to young Criollo men, at least partially descended from white European colonial settlers.
It was divided into the Lesser Schools, which taught humanities and Greek/Latin grammar, and the Superior Schools, which focused on theology, the arts and philosophy.
The institution educated young men for both religious and secular vocations.
The school building was given to civil authorities, who first used it as a barracks and later to house the Nacional Monte de Piedad "credit union" charity foundation.
The church was transferred to Augustinians, who removed most of the church's decoration.
The altarpieces, paintings, and other decorative objects were redistributed to other churches, especially to the Metropolitan Tabernacle of the Mexico City Cathedral, where many of these pieces still remain.
During this time, the complex began to seriously deteriorate.
They worked to rebuild both the church and the school, with much of the physical reconstruction done by Cristóbal Rodríguez.
However, San Pedro y San Pablo College never returned to its function, mostly due to the concurrent Mexican War of Independence against Spain.
Shortly after Mexican independence was first declared in 1821, several important events occurred in the church building.
In 1823, after proclaiming the independence of Mexico, Agustín de Iturbide held meetings here which led to the promulgation of the "Reglamento Provisional del Imperio" (Provisional Regulations of the Empire).
In the following year, the initial sessions of the Constituent Congress were held here, which wrote the first Federal Constitution of Mexico in 1824.
After Iturbide's short reign as emperor, Guadalupe Victoria was sworn in as the first president of Mexico here.
The church reopened for worship from 1832 to 1850, but then closed to become the library of San Gregorio College.
During this time, the Virgin of Loreto image of Mexico City was here from 1832 to 1850 when it was thought that the Nuestra Señora de Loreto Church it belonged to might collapse.
Later, the space had quite a number of uses such as a dance hall, an army depot and barracks, a correctional school called Mamelucos, a mental hospital, and a storage facility for Customs.
Vasconcelos had the church building redecorated, adding a number of important early modern mural works by artists such as Xavier Guerrero and Roberto Montenegro.
From 1927 to 1930, the building was converted to workshops for the Academy of San Carlos, which had become integrated with the re-established National University (now UNAM).
The Escuela Popular Nocturna de Música (School of Popular Evening Music) also occupied part of the building.
In this way, the complex became part of University property, which it remains.
In the early 1930s the university made it part of the National Preparatory School, and shortly after that it was also used as a secondary school, a School of Theater, an exhibition hall, and other uses.
In 1944, the church part was inaugurated by President Ávila Camacho as the National Periodical Archive (Hemeroteca Nacional), which it remained until 1979.
In 1996 the Museum of Light was established by UNAM, with a gallery in the building.
It has a portal that is flanked by two pairs of Doric pilasters, which extend up to frame a window which is stained-glass in the design of the coat-of-arms of UNAM.
Above the window is a triangular pediment which has a niche containing a statue of Athena.
The portal is topped with a large curved pediment with a small crest bearing the coat-of-arms of Spain.
The bell tower of the church is situated on the northwest side, behind the main façade.
The inside of the church is in the form of a cross, with thick interior buttresses that marked off space for the church's various chapels.
These buttresses extend upwards to support a handkerchief-vaulted ceiling.
These interior arches have been painted with rustic-style flora and fauna created by Roberto Montenegro, Jorge Enciso, Gabriel Fernández Ledesma, and Rafael Reyes Espindola.
Another feature of the church is its three stained glass window pieces.
Two of these were designed by Roberto Montenegro and called La Vendedora de Pericos (The Parakeet Seller), and the other is called El Jarabe Tapatio (The Jarabe Dance of Guadalajara).
The stained glass window with the seal of the University visible on the church's facade was designed by Jorge Enciso.
All of these designs were then crafted by Eduardo Villaseñor.
This part of complex originally had four courtyard patios, but two were demolished to make way for Republica de Venezuela Street.
In one of the remaining patios, there is an obelisk that records the three institutions of learning that have been housed at the site.
Today, this part of the building is dedicated to a number of uses, one of which is being the home of Secondary School #6.
Murals and decorative painted walls, part of the Mexican government’s renowned 1920s Mexican Muralism project for public buildings, were commissioned by José Vasconcelos.
The decorative paintings of rustic-style flora and fauna on the buttresses and arches, several wall murals and frescos, and Montenegro's stained glass windows, remain from that period and are conserved.
It is the first mural painted in modern Mexico.
It was restored in 2010, as part of the renovations for the new Museum of the Constitutions of Mexico.
Xavier Guerrero decorated the presbytery's dome in the 1920s, with paintings that were inspired by the zodiac.
The most important was titled The Festival of the Cross, which was painted in the stairwell of the east patio.
In the stairway at the northwest corner of the cloister's patio, there is a fresco done by Roberto Montenegro in 1923, titled The Festival of the Holy Cross.
It is said to have been done in a style to imitate fellow muralist Diego Rivera.
Later in the 1920s, an allegory of the Mexican Revolution titled The Iconographic Museum of the Revolution was begun in the cloister by Gabriel Fernández Ledesma, but was not finished.
It is a science museum dedicated to the phenomena of light and a contemporary art gallery for works of light art.
The San Pedro y San Pablo College building was closed in 2010, in order to convert it into the Museum of the Constitutions.
The Museum of Light moved out, and is now located in the colonial era San Ildefonso College building, also in the historic center of Mexico City.
The Immortals directed by Shivendra Singh Dungarpur premiered at the 20th Busan International Film Festival in October 2015 and was also shown at the 17th Jio MAMI Mumbai Film Festival.
It was screened as the opening film in the Documentary Section at the 21st Kolkata International Film Festival.
"The Immortals" (2015) was selected for the National Competition Section at the 14th Mumbai International Film Festival (MIFF) 2016 and won the Special Jury Award that was presented to Shivendra Singh Dungarpur at the closing ceremony on 3 February 2016.
The Immortals will be screened at the 30th edition of the Il Cinema Ritrovato Festival in Bologna in June 2016.
It is a visual exploration of physical artifacts, personal spaces and living memories where the image speaks for itself, recreating the impression of each artist whilst telling the story of Indian cinema.
The film depicts the paradox of India’s relationship with cinema: the romance and the power, the neglect and the worship.
Dadasaheb Phalke’s car abandoned by the side of a road; K.L.
Saigal’s harmonium fallen silent like his voice; the homes of Satyajit Ray and Baburao Painter where films like Pather Panchali and Savkari Pash took shape; a hundred-year-old cinematographer sifting through letters from Jean Renoir speaking of a deep and abiding friendship; the whirring of the only surviving black and white lab at AVM Studios; the quest for Anthony Gonsalves .
.
.
each image a reminder of how much we have lost, yet evoking memories that live on in spaces, objects and reminiscences of people.
Sir Paul Collier,  (born 23 April 1949) is a British development economist who serves as the Professor of Economics and Public Policy in the Blavatnik School of Government and the director of the International Growth Centre.
He currently is a Professeur invité at Sciences Po and a Professorial Fellow of St Antony's College, Oxford.
He has served as a senior advisor to the Blair Commission for Africa and was the Director of the Development Research Group at the World Bank between 1998 and 2003.
He was brought up in Sheffield where he attended King Edward VII School and studied at the University of Oxford.
From 1998 until 2003 he was the director of the Development Research Group of the World Bank.
In 2010 and 2011, he was named by Foreign Policy magazine on its list of top global thinkers.
Collier currently serves on the advisory board of Academics Stand Against Poverty (ASAP).
Collier is a specialist in the political, economic and developmental predicaments of low-income countries  His research covers the causes and consequences of civil war; the effects of aid and the problems of democracy in low-income and natural resources rich societies; urbanization in low-income countries; private investment in African infrastructure and changing organizational cultures.
In 1988 he was awarded the Edgar Graham Book Prize for the co-written Labour and poverty in rural Tanzania: Ujamaa and rural development in the United Republic of Tanzania.
The Bottom Billion: Why the Poorest Countries are Failing and What Can Be Done About It (), has been compared to Jeffrey Sachs's The End of Poverty and William Easterly's The White Man's Burden, two influential books, which like Collier's book, discuss the pros and cons of development aid to developing countries.
The book is about sustainable management in relation with the geo-politics of global warming, with an attempt to avoid a global tragedy of the commons, with the prime example of overfishing.
In it he builds upon a legacy of the economic psychology of greed and fear, from early Utilitarianism (Jeremy Bentham) to more recently the Stern Review.
In November 2014, Collier was awarded the President's Medal by the British Academy, for "his pioneering contribution in bringing ideas from research in to policy within the field of African economics."
In July 2017, Collier was elected a Fellow of the British Academy (FBA), the United Kingdom's national academy for the humanities and social sciences.
The Bottom Billion: Why the Poorest Countries are Failing and What Can Be Done About It, Oxford University Press, 2007  .
Wars, Guns and Votes: Democracy in Dangerous Places, Harper, March 2009  .
The Plundered Planet: Why We Must, and How We Can, Manage Nature for Global Prosperity, Oxford University Press, 2010  .
Plundered Nations?
: Successes and Failures in Natural Resource Extraction co-edited with Anthony J. Venables, Palgrave Macmillan UK, 2011  .
Exodus: How Migration is Changing Our World, Oxford University Press, October 2013  .
Refuge: Rethinking Refugee Policy in a Changing World with Alexander Betts, Oxford University Press, September 2017  .
The Future of Capitalism: Facing the New Anxieties, Allen Lane, April 2018  .
563–573.
(with V. L. Elliott, Håvard Hegre, Anke Hoeffler, Marta Reynal-Querol, Nicholas Sambanis) 'Breaking the Conflict Trap: Civil War and Development Policy' "World Bank Policy Research Report," 2003.
(with Anke Hoeffler) 'Greed and grievance in civil war' Oxford Economic Papers, vol 56 issue 4, 2004, pp.
563–595.
(with Lisa Chauvet and Haavard Hegre) 'The Security Challenge in Conflict-Prone Countries', Copenhagen Consensus 2008 Challenge Paper, 2008.
RAF Poulton (X4PL) is a  former Royal Air Force station located near Poulton, Cheshire and was operational from 1 March 1943 until 1945.
It was used as an Operational Training Unit (OTU) and Tactical Exercise Unit (TEU) for Hawker Hurricanes.
It had 8 Blister and 1 Bessonneau hangars.
Arrived Nov 43.
Possibly moved to Aston Down on 18 Dec 44 and re-designated as No 55 OTU.
No 12 (P) AFU (Pilot Advanced Flying Unit), using the Airspeed Oxford.
No 1515 BAT Flight (Beam Approach Training), almost certainly using the Airspeed Oxford.
No 41 OTU (Operational Training Unit)(Day Fighter Wing), possibly using the Hawker Hurricane.
Disbanded 20 Jul 45.
Clemente "Chito" Agosto (born in ) is a Puerto Rican politician and the current mayor of Toa Alta.
Agosto is affiliated with the Popular Democratic Party (PPD) and has served as mayor since 2013.
Agosto has an associate degree in Business Administration from the Interamerican University of Puerto Rico.
He started his professional career as an entrepreneur, and was owner of various restaurants.
Grace Academy is a non-selective co-educational secondary school within the English Academy programme, at Chelmsley Wood, Solihull, West Midlands.
It opened in 2006 and replaced the old Whitesmore School.
It is a specialist Business and Enterprise college.
Grace Academy Solihull is constituted as a company and registered charity under English law.
In 2009 the school achieved average results for Key Stage 2 to Key Stage 4 but only 28% achieved 5 or more GCSEs grade C or above compared to a national average of 47.6%.
Grace Foundation is endowed by Bob Edmiston, entrepreneur and founder of the evangelical international charity Christian Vision, who is a governor of Grace Academy.
Inside St Cadfan's Church, Tywyn, Gwynedd is an inscribed stone cross called the Cadfan Stone (or the Tywyn Stone).
On it are the earliest known inscriptions in the Welsh language, specifically in Old Welsh.
Recent scholarship dates the inscriptions to the 9th century.
They were previously considered to be older.
Ifor Williams dated them to the 8th century, and a late 7th century or early 8th century date was suggested by Kenneth H. Jackson.
A date between the 7th century and the 9th century is suggested by Coflein, the website of the Royal Commission on the Ancient and Historical Monuments of Wales.
Originally the stone stood over 2.3 metres tall, but it now measures  2.18m tall by 0.25m and 0.2m.
Below is the interpretation given in the most recent study of the stone (sides A, B, C and D) by Nancy Edwards.
A/D.
Exceptions include the poems 'Cofebion Tywyn' by Owain Owain and 'Y boen' by Myrddin ap Dafydd.
The 2002 United States Senate election in Kansas was held on November 4, 2002.
Incumbent Republican U.S.
Senator Pat Roberts won re-election to a second term overwhelmingly.
No Democrats filed to run, and Roberts was only opposed by a Libertarian candidate and a Reform Party candidate.
Medford/Tufts station is a planned light rail station on the MBTA Green Line "D" Branch, to be located at College Avenue next to Tufts University in Medford, Massachusetts.
It will be the northern terminus of the "D" Branch and is the final station on the second phase of the Green Line Extension.
Medford/Tufts will consist of one island platform, which will serve the "D" Branch's two tracks.
Previous commuter rail stations on what is now the Lowell Line were located nearby from the mid 19th century to the mid 20th century, and from 1977 to 1979.
By 1889, College Hill station was located on the north side of the tracks just west of College Avenue.
By 1900, College Hill was replaced with Tufts College station, located on the opposite side of the tracks and slightly to the south at Pearson Street.
Horsecars, and later streetcars consolidated under the Boston Elevated Railway, cut sharply into local railroad traffic.
On April 18, 1958, the Public Utilities Commission approved a vast set of cuts to Boston and Maine Railroad commuter service, including the closure of North Somerville, Tufts College, and Medford Hillside stations.
The three stations were closed on May 18, 1958, amid the first of a series of cuts.
On September 15, 1977, the MBTA opened Tufts University station near the Tufts College station site.
It was abandoned in October 1979 due to poor ridership.
Spirit Lost is a 1997 film directed by Neema Barnette and starring James Avery and Yvonne Brisendine.
She eventually lures him into moving into his attic studio while she tries to scare his now unhappy and pregnant wife away.
Apergy is a fictitious form of anti-gravitational energy first described by Percy Greg in his 1880 sword and planet novel Across the Zodiac.
It is also used by John Jacob Astor IV in his 1894 science fiction novel, A Journey in Other Worlds.
Apergy can also be found in an 1896 article by Clara Jessup Bloomfield-Moore, called "Some Truths About Keely".
In it, apergy is used to describe the latent force John Keely harnessed, by using frequency to release the latent force found within all atomic matter.
In an 1897, ostensibly non-fictitious, article in The San Francisco Call titled "The Secret of Aerial Flight Revealed", science correspondent Frank M. Close, D.
Sc., visits an unnamed Hindu man masquerading as a viticulturist somewhere on the Pacific coast who claims to have invented a flying boat that uses an "apergent" -- a rare metal called "radlum" -- to produce controlled apergic force, allowing the vessel to ascend and descend.
The inventor describes apergy as "a force obtained by blending positive and negative electricity with ultheic, the third element or state of electric energy" and calls apergy a "second phase of gravity", hinting at a third phase as well.
In S. P. Meek's short story "Cold Light", which appeared in Astounding Stories of Super-Science, March 1930, apergy is mentioned as the opposite force of gravity.
In Chris Roberson's short story "Annus Mirabilis" from the 2006 second volume of Tales of the Shadowmen, Doctor Omega and Albert Einstein investigate apergy.
Apergy is also mentioned in the Warren Ellis comic Aetheric Mechanics, as being generated by Cavorite technology from The First Men in the Moon.
SEA Signalisation is a French company which products traffic lights and sells them all over France.
He continued the business of his father, who founded the company Deloge and Dufresne in 1919, whose business was winding transformers and electric motors.
The new company was named SEA Deloge and was officially registered in 1947.
The following year SEA Deloge develops a new range of equipment.
A controller on a technological base "Dasphot" marked the starting point for SEA in the business of traffic regulation.
Specializing in traffic signaling, the company launched in 1960 electromechanical controllers under the trade name of BC "Block Chalier" that were sold in multiple copies throughout France.
In the 1970s, electronics enters the safety equipment.
SEA Deloge creates and produces a family of controllers based on CMOS technology, an innovation for its time.
Horizon signals that were created in 1976 from a ball of dough, are long remained the best known brand of SEA.
The AR 2000, a programmable logic controller is placed on the market.
required] .
In that year, the controller becomes AR 2000 LP 2200.
The following year, the LEDs are emerging on the market.
SEA signaling produces signals 100 and R12 with the new technology.
SEA signaling is the first manufacturer to offer a coherent solution with very low voltage sources TBT .
Certainly, this technology has not sold in its infancy because of a strong lobbying imposing the optical source fluorescent (1988–1989).
In 1993, SEA Launches Signaling Controller CLP 700 - the first controller in France based on an industrial PC card based on Intel 286, with a user-friendly programming software for multi-window .
This programming mode allowed to apply a new methodology for the operation controllers of traffic lights .
Two years later, the company built a new plant in Vaulx-en-Velin and brings to market a new product line antivandalismes to address the problem of damage to the furniture.
Between 1997 and 1999, 'SEA Signaling''' develops the controller CLP 7700 by adding a CPU, built around an Intel 386 EX associated with flash memory.
The operating system TOPS has been updated without changing components.
In the period 1998-2004, SEA signaling continues to develop optical TBT .
During this period the company is working on T1 and T2 tramway in Lyon .
In 2000-2001, SEA brings to market two new product lines: AXEL and AGATHE.
In 2007, the start of a line of prestige: NIXEA a new concept.
The prestigious line NIXEA appears in 2007, it was specially developed to provide luxury and design of light-signaling.
2.
Transit (Ex.
Accessibility for people with visual impairments.
4.
Specialized software, such as TOPS software (Optimized Processing Parameters Signalling) to optimize the flow of junctions controlled by traffic lights, whether simple or complex.
Interministerial Instruction on road signs.
Sixth Part: Traffic lights permanent (version November 2008).
Order of 10 April 2009 amending the Decree of 24 November 1967 on Signs of roads and highways.
Order of 24 November 1967 on the signing roads and highways.
Karataş is a town and district of Adana Province, on the Mediterranean coast of Turkey.
Calliodis is a genus of bugs in the family Lyctocoridae.
Annales De La Societe Entomologique De France.
Henry Wilson (1740–1810) was an English naval captain of the British East India Company, from Rotherhithe.
He was in command of the British East India Company packet ship Antelope, when it shipwrecked off Ulong Island, near Koror Island in Palau in 1783, and the East Indiaman Warley at the Battle of Pulo Aura.
The Antelope had been returning from Macau by the "Eastern Passage", a route designed to avoid the south-west monsoon, but had strayed too far in the easterly direction.
On the north coast of New Guinea Wilson anchored in the vicinity of the Schouten Islands.
After some dialogue over two days with Papuan inhabitants who came out to the ship, in which Wilson used vocabulary collected by Thomas Forrest at Dory Harbour, Wilson felt the numbers he faced were threatening.
He used small arms to deter them, and the crew of the Antelope was attacked, an encounter in which the artist Arthur William Devis was injured.
The wreck on Ulong followed.Transactions of the Royal Asiatic Society of Great Britain and Ireland, Volume 3 (1835) p. 129 note;Google Books.
Although Spain had claimed the islands previously, Wilson's crew made the first sustained contact, which was friendly.
One of the crew of the Antelope knew Malay, allowing contact to be made with the ibedul on Koror, whom Wilson treated as a local king, somewhat misapprehending his status which was more like an elected official.
While his men spent three months rebuilding the ship, Wilson entered an effective alliance with the ibedul in conflicts with Melekeok and others.
One of the Antelope's guns proved decisive, shipped in a boat and discharged with powder alone.
Unfortunately, after a few months he died of smallpox in 1784.
Much interest in Palau followed.
Wilson's collection of curiosities, that were exchanged with the ibedul and form the earliest known group of Palau artefacts, are held by the British Museum.</blockquote></blockquote>British Museum Highlights George Keate wrote an account of Wilson's experiences in 1788, a book heavily influenced by the current conceptions concerning the "noble savage".Richard Lansdown, Strangers in the South Seas: the idea of the Pacific in Western thought: an anthology (2006), p. 99;Google Books.
The book became quite popular.
"Between 1789 and 1850, more than 20 English and a dozen foreign-language editions were published in different countries."
The East India Company turned attention from Mindanao as a possible outpost to the New Guinea archipelago, and John McCluer went from Bombay to Palau in 1790 as hydrographer.
He was captain in 1804 at the Battle of Pulo Aura when a fleet of East Indiamen under Nathaniel Dance fought and bluffed a French squadron.
Nicol, Londres 1788; Pissot, Paris 1789 (in English!
transl.
Georg Forster.
Canuto Borelli (January 19, 1852 - 1928) was an Italian lawyer and painter, mainly of landscapes and portraits.
He became director of the Institute of Art and Crafts of Asti.
He was an active member and supporter of the cultural scene in the Piedmont,  and one of his pupils was Ottavio Baussano.
Sunifred II of Cerdanya (915 - Cuxa, 968) was count of Cerdanya (927-968), Conflent (927-968), and Besalú (957-968).
Until 941 the widowed countess Ava presided over him as regent.
In 951 he traveled to Rome, where he received by way of papal bulls a number of privileges for the monastery of Santa Maria de Ripoll and for Lagrasse Abbey.
He promoted the construction of the church of Saint-Michel-de-Cuxa, consecrated in 953, and of the monastery.
He also protected the monastery of Sant Pere de Rodes.
In a revolt of his vassals he intervened to bring peace among them, decreeing the confiscation of rebel property.
He was succeeded by his brother Miró III.
Vaishnav was a sailor from France, who represented his native country at the 1900 Summer Olympics in Paris, France.
Vaishnav took the 6th place in the 10 to 20 ton with the yacht Luna.
Clarence Richard Roberts (4 November 1888 – 18 September 1966) was an Australian rules footballer who played with St Kilda in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Congleton was, from 1974 to 2009, a local government district with borough status in Cheshire, England.
It included the towns of Congleton, Alsager, Middlewich and Sandbach.
The headquarters of the borough council were located in Sandbach.
Of the 23 civil parishes, four were administered at this level of local government by town councils: Alsager, Middlewich, Sandbach, and Congleton; with the remainder having parish councils.
There are two pairs of civil parishes that are grouped together so that they share a parish council.
These are Hulme Walfield and Somerford Booths, whose single parish council is called "Hulme Walfield and Somerford Booths Parish Council", and Newbold Astbury and Moreton cum Alcumlow, whose single parish council is called "Newbold Astbury-cum-Moreton Parish Council".
The following tables provide the names of these wards and show the composition of the council by political party at 31 March 2009.
The office of mayor was filled by one of the councillors after a ballot amongst all the councillors, and the last holder of the position was a member of the Liberal Democrat party.
The decision to merge the boroughs of Congleton, Macclesfield,  and Crewe and Nantwich to create a single unitary authority was announced on 25 July 2007, following a consultation period in which a proposal to create a single Cheshire unitary authority was rejected.
The Borough of Congleton was abolished on 1 April 2009, when the new Cheshire East unitary authority was formed.
The Cheshire Regiment: 1969.
Direction Island () is located approximately 10 kilometres (6 miles) off the coast of Onslow in the Pilbara region of Western Australia.
Two of the islands, Thevenard Island and Direction Island, have accommodation for tourists.
It is one of the few places in the world where people can rent their own island for a holiday or vacation stay.
Direction Island can be reached by a ferry service operating from the mainland at Onslow or by recreational boats.
For vessels under 6 metres (20 foot) in length, there is a private boat mooring at the island.
Direction Island is approximately 1 kilometre (0.6 mi) in length and is surrounded by a coral reef.
Areas of deep sandy soil are found on the island supporting Acacia and Triodia shrubland and coastal heath scrub.
Tourism facilities at Direction Island include a single self-contained beach shack which is built in an A-frame cabin style and is the only man-made structure on the island.
The shack is solar powered with a backup generator and has a fresh water supply.
Available activities include fishing, diving and snorkelling.
Marine life in the waters and reefs surrounding the island is extremely diverse and includes dolphins, whales, dugongs, stingrays, reef sharks, wobbegongs, crabs, crayfish, squid, octopus, starfish, sea snakes, moray eels, nudibranchs, groper and colourful tropical fish and coral reef fish including fusiliers, lionfish, cardinalfish, batfish and butterfly fish.
Over 70 species of reef fish, pelagic fish and school fish live in the island's waters.
Species include spanish mackerel, billfish, sailfish, marlin, wahoo, cobia, golden trevally, giant trevally, queenfish, north west snapper, rankin cod, long tom, coral trout, red emperor, spangled emperor, crimson sea perch, pearl perch, silver drummer and yellowfin tuna.
Hard corals, soft corals, gorgonians, sponges and black coral trees are also found.
In 1973, a group of local farmers  purchased the business.
From there, the accommodation and facilities on the islands developed from beach shacks used by fisherman to a fully-fledged tourism operation.
In 1982 the cabin on Direction Island was extended to provide for tourist accommodation, and has since been refurbished.
The same group of farmers developed the Onslow Mackerel Motel on the mainland in 1997 in an effort to provide a gateway to the Mackerel Islands.
Saphenista splendida is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae.
It is found in Morona-Santiago Province, Ecuador.
The wingspan is about 24 mm.
The ground colour of the forewings is whitish, suffused grey with brown suffusions in the dorsal and postbasal areas and more ochreous admixture subterminally.
The basal part of the costa is tinged with yellow.
The hindwings are creamy white, but grey in the anal and apical parts.
Sources for an understanding of dance in Europe in the Middle Ages are limited and fragmentary, being composed of some interesting depictions in paintings and illuminations, a few musical examples of what may be dances, and scattered allusions in literary texts.
The first detailed descriptions of dancing only date from 1451 in Italy, which is after the start of the Renaissance in Western Europe.
By the end of the Middle Ages, some characteristics that were to remain for centuries can be seen to be established.
Court dance largely involved mixed couples but dancing in a larger formation.
The basse danse (low dance) type is seen in most illustrations, where the dancers process in a dignified fashion without raising their feet far from the floor.
Perhaps this is because it was easier for artists to depict.
Popular dance styles, some no doubt related to modern folk dance, British country dance and other styles, tended to be more energetic and were often performed by a single gender, as circle dances, line dances, or in other formations.They might involve singing by the dancers, which court dances apparently did not.
It consisted of a group of dancers holding hands usually in a circle, with the dancers singing in a leader and refrain style while dancing.
No surviving lyrics or music for the carol have been identified.
In northern France, other terms for this type of dance included "ronde" and its diminutives "rondet", "rondel", and "rondelet" from which the more modern music term "rondeau" derives.
In the German-speaking areas, this same type of choral dance was known as "reigen".
Mullally in his book on the carole makes the case that the dance, at least in France, was done in a closed circle with the dancers, usually men and women interspersed, holding hands.
He adduces evidence that the general progression of the dance was to the left (clockwise) and that the steps probably were very simple consisting of a step to the left with the left foot followed by a step on the right foot closing to the left foot.
Later in the 14th century Giovanni Boccaccio (1313–1375) shows us the "carola" in Florence in the Decameron (about 1350–1353) which has several passages describing men and women dancing to their own singing or accompanied by musicians.
Boccaccio also uses two other terms for contemporary dances, ridda and ballonchio, both of which refer to round dances with singing.
Approximately contemporary with the Decameron are a series of frescos in Siena by Ambrogio Lorenzetti painted about 1338–40, one of which shows a group of women doing a "bridge" figure while accompanied by another woman playing the tambourine.
According to the Oxford English Dictionary (1933) the term "carol" was first used in England for this type of circle dance accompanied by singing in manuscripts dating to as early as 1300.
The word was used as both a noun and a verb and the usage of carol for a dance form persisted well into the 16th century.
One of the earliest references is in Robert of Brunne's early 14th century Handlyng Synne (Handling Sin) where it occurs as a verb.
These dances were of the same type with dancers hand-in-hand and a leader who sang the ballad.
A fresco in Ørslev church in Zealand from about 1400 shows nine people, men and women, dancing in a line.
The leader and some others in the chain carry bouquets of flowers.
Dances could be for men and women, or for men alone, or women alone.
In the case of women's dances, however, there may have been a man who acted as the leader.
Two dances specifically named in the Danish ballads which appear to be line dances of this type are The Beggar Dance, and The Lucky Dance which may have been a dance for women.
A modern version of these medieval chains is seen in the Faroese chain dance, the earliest account of which goes back only to the 17th century.
In Sweden too, medieval songs often mentioned dancing.
A long chain was formed, with the leader singing the verses and setting the time while the other dancers joined in the chorus.
These "Long Dances" have lasted into modern times in Sweden.
A similar type of song dance may have existed in Norway in the Middle Ages as well, but no historical accounts have been found.
Dancing around the church or a fire was frequently denounced by church authorities which only underscores how popular it was.
There are records of church and civic officials in various German towns forbidding dancing and singing from the 8th to the 10th centuries.
Once again, in singing processions, the leader provided the verse and the other dancers supplied the chorus.
The minnesinger Neidhart von Reuental, who lived in the first half of the 13th century wrote several songs for dancing, some of which use the term "reigen".
In southern Tyrol, at Runkelstein Castle, a series of frescos was executed in the last years of the 14th century.
One of the frescos depicts Elisabeth of Poland, Queen of Hungary leading a chain dance.
Circle dances were also found in the area that is today the Czech Republic.
Descriptions and illustrations of dancing can be found in church registers, chronicles and the 15th century writings of Bohuslav Hasištejnský z Lobkovic.
Dancing was primarily done around trees on the village green but special houses for dancing appear from the 14th century.
In Poland as well the earliest village dances were in circles or lines accompanied by the singing or clapping of the participants.
The basic round dance goes by many names in the various countries of the region: choros, kolo, oro, horo or hora.
The modern couple dance so common in western and northern Europe has only made a few inroads into the Balkan dance repertory.
Chain dances of a similar type to these modern dance forms have been documented from the medieval Balkans.
Tens of thousands of medieval tombstones called "Stećci" are found in Bosnia and Hercegovina and neighboring areas in Montenegro, Serbia and Croatia.
They date from the end of the 12th century to the 16th century.
Many of the stones bear inscription and figures, several of which have been interpreted as dancers in a ring or line dance.
These mostly date to the 14th and 15th centuries.
Usually men and women are portrayed dancing together holding hands at shoulder level but occasionally the groups consist of only one sex.
Further south in Macedonia, near the town of Zletovo, Lesnovo monastery, originally built in the 11th century, was renovated in the middle of the 14th century and a series of murals were painted.
One of these shows a group of young men linking arms in a round dance.
They are accompanied by two musicians, one playing the kanun while the other beats on a long drum.
There is also some documentary evidence from the Dalmatian coast area of what is now Croatia.
An anonymous chronicle from 1344 exhorts the people of the city of Zadar to sing and dance circle dances for a festival while in the 14th and 15th centuries, authorities in Dubrovnik forbid circle dances and secular songs on the cathedral grounds.
Another early reference comes from the area of present-day Bulgaria in a manuscript of a 14th-century sermon which calls chain dances "devilish and damned."
At a later period there are the accounts of two western European travelers to Constantinople, the capital of the Ottoman Empire.
Salomon Schweigger (1551–1622) was a German preacher who traveled in the entourage of Jochim von Sinzendorf, Ambassador to Constantinople for Rudolf II in 1577.
"then they joined arms one upon the other, made a circle, went round the circle, with their feet stepping hard and stamping; one sang first, with the others all following after."
"a company of Greeks, often of ten or more persons, stepped forth to the open place, took each other by the hand, made a round circle, and now stepped backward, now forward, sometimes went around, singing in Greek the while, sometimes stamped strongly on the ground with their feet."
The only musical examples actually identified as "estampie" or "istanpita" occur in two 14th-century manuscripts.
The same manuscripts also contain other pieces named "danse real" or other dance names.
These are similar in musical structure to the estampies but consensus is divided as to whether these should be considered the same.
In addition to these instrumental music compositions, there are also mentions of the estampie in various literary sources from the 13th and 14th centuries.
"Here are all the minstrels rare Who now acquit themselves so fair In playing on their pipes whate'er The dances be that one may do.
So soon as they have glided through The estampies of this sort Youths and maidens who disport Themselves in dancing now begin With scarce a wait to join hands in The choral".
Opinion is divided as to whether the Estampie was actually a dance or simply early instrumental music.
Sachs believes the strong rhythm of the music, a derivation of the name from a term meaning "to stamp" and the quotation from the Froissart poem above definitely label the estampie as a dance.
However, others stress the complex music in some examples as being uncharacteristic of dance melodies and interpret Froissart's poem to mean that the dancing begins with the carol.
There is also debate on the derivation of the word "estampie".
In any case, no description of dance steps or figures for the estampie are known.
He turns in the manner of a falcon and she like a swallow.
Another literary mention comes from a later period in Germany with a description of couple dancing in Wolfram von Eschenbach's epic poem Parzival, usually dated to the beginning of the 13th century.
Many a fair lady danced there in his presence.
The knights mingled freely with the host of ladies, pairing off now with one, now with another, and the dance was a lovely sight.
Together they advanced to the attack on sorrow.
Often a handsome knight was seen dancing with two ladies, one on either hand.
Eschenbach also remarks that while many of the noblemen present were good fiddlers, they knew only the old style dances, not the many new dances from Thuringia.
The early 14th century Codex Manesse from Heidelberg has miniatures of many Minnesang poets of the period.
The portrait of Heinrich von Stretelingen shows him engaged in a "courtly pair dance"  while the miniature of Hiltbolt von Schwangau depicts him in a trio dance with two ladies, one in each hand, with a fiddler providing the music.
The Carole: A Study of a Medieval Dance.
Farnham, Surrey: Ashgate, 2011.
Ouaoumana is a commune in Khénifra Province of the Béni Mellal-Khénifra administrative region of Morocco.
At the time of the 2004 census, the commune had a total population of 7846 people living in 1647 households.
A Biography of the Rev.
Absalom Dawe is a solo album by English saxophonist John Surman recorded in 1994 and released on the ECM label.
In few places is this more evident than on A Biography of the Rev.
Absalom Dawe, on which Surman acts as a sort of one-man wind chamber ensemble...
Elements of modern composition, jazz, and European folk can be heard throughout and the mood is one of reflection and wintry quiet.
Overall, this is one of Surman's most daring and yet most successful projects to date".
BattleForce was originally created by FASA Corporation, a wargame set in the BattleTech universe designed to allow the simulation of larger-scale actions.
Units typically represent lances, but there are provisions for allowing the counters to represent larger units/formations, such as companies, battalions, and so forth.
Normal BattleTech game play usually is set up for small encounters (up to 12 units per side).
Though large battles are possible using the normal games rules for BattleTech, the game can consume a lot of time to play.
BattleForce was designed to remedy this problem.
The game allows wide use of units (vehicles, Battlemechs, air vehicles, etc.).
A supplementary rulebook called Strategic Operations includes several chapters for revised and updated edition of BattleForce and its successor Battleforce 2.
New units have been added to BattleForce game (including new units added to BattleTech since its launch, including Large Naval Vessels).
While BattleForce's elements appear in Interstellar Operations which will be a component of large scale combat operations on interstellar scale (Solar System to Solar System vs planetary operation which BattleForce is originally conceived for).
Individual vehicles still retain statistics to track, but are much simplified over the normal game of BattleTech.
For example, in BattleTech a BattleMech combat robot is tracked internally for 8 locations and for exterior armor in 11 locations, but in the game of BattleForce there is a pair of stats for armor and internal structure as a whole, both of which are usually single digit numbers between 1 and 9.
Combat units are grouped together and move together in small units rather than independently.
There are also far less complicated rules for movement and for variables like terrain and movement's effect on weapon accuracy.
Magdalena Lobnig (born 19 July 1990 in Sankt Veit an der Glan) is an Austrian rower.
She won the double scull World U23 Championship in 2012 and the singles European Championship in 2016.
Atlantsskip was an Icelandic shipping company, established in 1998.
Initially the Atlantsskip and TransAtlantic Lines, a sister in the United States, had their base in Keflavik.
In April 2002 the company began to sail to ports in Europe, offering a weekly liner service, and in November 2005 it began to sail around the world.
In delivering freight, it stops at the ports Kópavogur, Immingham, Vlissingen, and Esbjerg.
Atlantsskip owns and operates vessels A.S. Africa and Kársnes, which are both registered in Antigua and Barbuda.
Muhteşem Yüzyıl: Kösem (, ) is a Turkish television sequel to the 2011 Turkish television period drama Muhteşem Yüzyıl.
Written by Yılmaz Şahin, it recounts the life of Mahpeyker Kösem Sultan, a slave girl who became the most powerful woman in Ottoman history after she was captured and sent to the harem of Sultan Ahmed I. Actresses Nurgül Yeşilçay, Beren Saat and Anastasia Tsilimpiou played the titular role in three different ages of her life, while actors Ekin Koç, Boran Kuzum, Taner Ölmez, Metin Akdülger and Tugay Mercan were cast as different sultans of the Ottoman dynasty.
Also in the starring cast were actresses Hülya Avşar, Tülin Özen, Leyla Feray, Farah Zeynep Abdullah, Aslıhan Gürbüz and Hande Doğandemir, who played prominent roles of different sultanas in the series.
The first few episodes of the series were filmed in Chios, Greece.
An excerpt of the show was screened in Cannes, France, at the annual international television festival MIPCOM about a month before its official premiere on Star TV on November 12, 2015.
It was later transferred to FOX for its second season.
Since its broadcast, Muhteşem Yüzyıl: Kösem has been aired in several countries.
Its final episode aired on 27 June 2017.
The series' finale marked the end of the six-year Muhteşem Yüzyıl saga.
One day, his grandmother, Safiye Sultan, gives him a portrait of a young girl named Anastasia (also referred to as Nasya) who lives in the island of Tinos (modern day Greece) with her family, holding a lamb in her arms.
As he takes a liking to the painting, she personally orders for the girl to be brought to Topkapi Palace.
After being captured and brought to the palace, Cennet Hatun, begins to lecture Anastasia on palace etiquette and courtesy.
Though Anastasia swore she would return to her homeland at all costs.
While wandering the palace, she discovers a mysterious passageway leading to a secret garden, where she first meets Ahmed.
However, Ahmed introduces himself with a different name and soon Anastasia begins to have feelings for him.
The other harem concubines, envious of Anastasia's beauty, begin telling false tales to Anastasia, making her believe the sultan eats young girls' hearts.
As Anastasia is later taken to the sultan, she then learns of his true identity and reason for her arrival at the palace.
Not long after, Ahmed becomes ill and is thought to be poisoned.
However, Bülbül Ağa finds out that Ahmed's malady isn't poison, but pox.
Riots take place when the locals discover what is happening.
Hope emerges at the face of Ahmed's concubine Rasha, who is found to be pregnant but Halime Sultan has the girl attacked by bandits while being sent to safety.
Safiye, fearing the end of the three century old Ottoman dynasty, encourages the rest of the family to leave the palace with her.
Anastasia, willing to stay with Ahmed, is reluctant.
She stands in front of the rebels and is shot, though the bullet lands on her Ta'wiz.
Later, Anastasia visits a sorceress, who gives her a cure to Ahmed's pox.
In return, Anastasia is told that she will walk a road filled with blood, she will see all the people she loves die before her eyes.
Everything turns normal and Anastasia's name is then changed to Kösem, which means "sheep leading the herd", indicating her future leadership and intelligence.
She also converts to Islam.
Safiye asks Kösem to convince Ahmed to let her remain in the palace, but Kösem refuses, saying that she should have stood by Ahmed when he needed them.
This marks the beginning of Kösem and Safiye's animosity.
When Kösem's father Enzo is kidnapped and taken hostage by her guards, Safiye blackmails Kösem into telling the Sultan about Handan's crime and convinces him to keep her in Topkapi.
Ahmed later banishes his mother to the Old Palace (also known as Eski Saray and the Palace of Tears).
Safiye, however, does not keep her promise and kills Enzo.
Kösem is enraged and vows for revenge.
Kösem later learns of Safiye's secret from Cennet and personally gives Safiye a warning.
The next morning, all the harem is alarmed at Safiye's departure.
Rasha, renamed Mahfiruze, gives birth to a son named Osman.
Kösem finds out that she is pregnant.
Ahmed hands Kösem the crown of Hürrem Sultan, showing his love and respect for her.
After this, Kösem blurts out Safiye's secret to Ahmed, which infuriates him and later becomes distant from her.
Handan returns to the palace and Kösem later bears a son named Mehmed.
After learning that Fahriye has died, Safiye is left heartbroken and vows to take down Ahmed from the throne.
Ahmed leaves for his military campaign against Safavid Persia, while Safiye orders Ahmed's assassination; as she buys loyalties of the pashas and the janissaries.
Many were killed including Mahfiruze Sultan.
Kösem escapes execution with the help of Zülfikar and Bülbül Ağa.
Ahmed arrives in perfect timing, having survived the murder attempt thanks to Dervish.
He incarcerates Safiye in the Maiden's Tower and strips her off all her power.
Then, he decides as a ruler to execute his brother in order to secure his crown, but later spares Mustafa, and instead has him put in confinement.
Kösem, apart from being allowed to raise Osman herself, also takes Meleki, a poor young girl whom she has befriended and was left motherless due to the events of the coup, under her wing.
Hümaşah Sultan, Safiye's eldest daughter, arrives from Egypt.
Not long after, Kösem is told by Mehmed Giray about the truth of Dervish and his role in the assassination of Sultan Mehmed III.
Meanwhile, due to Halime, the truth of Handan and Dervish's feelings for one another is exposed, making Handan vulnerable.
The secret of Dervish's involvement in Sultan Mehmed III's death is revealed to Ahmed, who kills Dervish himself.
Handan soon commits suicide, fearing that her secret has been told to her son.
After Handan's death, Hümaşah is given the leadership of the harem.
During this time, Ahmed prepares to build a mosque opposite Hagia Sophia.
Ahmed orders the release of Safiye from the Maiden's Tower, due to her aid in rescuing Kösem from the bandits.
Hümaşah later resigns from her role, due to Kösem's intrigues.
Later, the former is informed by Bülbül that her long lost brother, is revealed to be Iskander and is the lost prince of the Ottoman dynasty.
Safiye and Hümaşah both conceal this truth for over eleven years, during which time Kösem consolidates her power and bears seven more children.
Zülfikar and Hümaşah marry, and Iskender assumes the post of Hasodabaşı (chamberlain of the Sultan).
Ahmed, has also sired a son, Bayezid, from a third concubine, Gülbahar.
On the auspicious occasion of Eid ul Fitr, Ahmed decides to release Mustafa, who unbeknownst to everyone has become mentally unstable over time.
The Sultan Ahmed Mosque has been completed.
Ahmed, along with his sons and brother Mustafa, say their Friday prayer at the mosque.
Once again, Safiye attempts to assassinate Ahmed by poisoning him in order to clear the path for her own prince through a concubine.
She succeeds and Ahmed, who is already suffering from stomach problems, is eventually told he has less than a fortnight to live.
Kösem meanwhile has the girl killed, only to find out that she was her sister.
In a moment of haste, Hümaşah informs Zülfikar about Iskender's secret, and he in return informs Kösem.
Kösem, fearing for her children's fate after her husband's death, convinces Ahmed to order Iskander's execution.
As Ahmed learns that his disease is progressing, he asks that he be legally married to Kösem before he dies.
A few days after, Ahmed passes away due to abdominal pain.
Kösem then aids Şehzade Mustafa in gaining the crown, however Halime, along with her daughter Dilruba Sultan turn against her; banishing her to the Old Palace.
In the meantime, Iskender, having been spared by Zülfikar reunites with his mother and they plot to seize power and exact revenge.
Realizing her mistake, Kösem plans a coup d'état to dethrone Sultan Mustafa and replace him with her stepson Şehzade Osman.
Kösem uses Mustafa's weak mental state in order to justify her actions.
Halime, seeing Kösem's sons as a threat to her authority, orders them executed, but with the unexpected help of Bülbül and Hümaşah, Kösem arrives just in time to save them, and then orders the janissaries to throw Mustafa in prison, and send Halime to the Old Palace.
Osman ascends to the throne as Osman II, but he refuses to end Kösem's exile at the Old Palace, due to her role in Mustafa's ascension and three years later orders the execution of her eldest son Mehmed, who he believed, due to Safiye and his tutor's intrigues, the janissaries saw as a candidate for the throne.
Distraught, Kösem decides to dethrone Osman, while at the same time she repays Safiye by collaborating with Zülfikar to apparently kill Iskender.
This event causes Safiye to commit suicide; dying, she admits her defeat to Kösem and gifts her with Hürrem Sultan's emerald ring.
Eventually Osman's plans to replace the janissaries with a more loyal army proved to be the primary motive to his abashment, masterminded by Davud and during which Cennet and Zülfikar are killed, with subsequent incarceration and strangulation, thus enabling Mustafa's second reign to begin.
Hümaşah leaves the capital forever.
Kösem, having reconciled with her stepson but failed to save him, is immensely anguished by his loss and decides to annihilate all her rivals.
Thus, she orders those who holds allegiance, to dispatch Davud, Dilruba and Halime, then imprison Mustafa again after viewing his psychologically disturbed condition not a threat to her rule.
She then prepares to enthrone her eldest living son Murad to the Ottoman throne, thus inheriting the position of Valide Sultan, declaring herself the official regent to the crown and gaining her prestige as the most formidable, influential, and powerful sultana in Ottoman history.
With the control of the state fully in his hands, Murad sets his plans of restoring the empire to the times of prosperity and conquest and checking corruption in motion.
At the same time, the Hungarian princess Farya Bethlen seeks refuge at the Ottoman court and the instant attraction between her and the Sultan causes reactions from Kösem and Murad's wife, Ayşe Sultan.
A strain is also put on Murad's relationship with his sister Gevherhan after the execution of her husband, as well as in hers with their mother, when she eventually opts for love instead of power games.
Their half-brother and Crown Prince, Bayezid, though loyal himself to the sultan, is drawn in conflict too, due to the ambitions of his mother, Gülbahar, who has been long obscured by Kösem; all the while the other princes' and infidels' agendas remain unknown and anti-Ottoman sentiments and plans resurface in the West.
The second season also introduces the reign of Sultan Ibrahim, the clash between Kösem and her daughter-in-law, Turhan Hatice Sultan for the title of Vailde Sultan, concluding the series with Kösem's assassination.
Mexico is a state in South Central Mexico that is divided into 125 municipalities.
Municipalities in the State of Mexico are administratively autonomous of the state according to the 115th article of the 1917 Constitution of Mexico.
Every three years, citizens elect a municipal president (Spanish: presidente municipal) by a plurality voting system who heads a concurrently elected municipal council (ayuntamiento) responsible for providing all the public services for their constituents.
The municipal council consists of a variable number of trustees and councillors (regidores y síndicos).
Municipalities are responsible for public services (such as water and sewerage), street lighting, public safety, traffic, supervision of slaughterhouses and the maintenance of public parks, gardens and cemeteries.
They may also assist the state and federal governments in education, emergency fire and medical services, environmental protection and maintenance of monuments and historical landmarks.
Since 1984, they have had the power to collect property taxes and user fees, although more funds are obtained from the state and federal governments than from their own income.
Bernardo Uribe Jongbloed (born 1975) is a Colombian mathematician.
Uribe graduated from secondary school in Bogotá and then studied from 1994 to 1998 at the Universidad de Los Andes.
In 2002 he received his Ph.D. from the University of Wisconsin-Madison with thesis Twisted K-Theory and Orbifold Cohomology of the Symmetric Product under the supervision of Alejandro Ádem.
He was a postdoc at the Max Planck Institute for Mathematics in Bonn.
In 2003/04 he was an assistant professor at the University of Michigan.
He taught as a professor at the Universidad Nacional de Colombia and as a full professor from 2012 to 2014 at Bogotá's Universidad de los Andes.
Since 2014 has been a professor at the Universidad del Norte in Barranquilla.
In 2008/09 he was a visiting scholar in Mexico City.
In 2010 he worked with Wolfgang Lück at the University of Münster.
Uribe's research deals with algebraic geometry and topology with string theory applications.
In 2012 he received a Humboldt Research Award, with which he was at the University of Bonn.
Uribe received the Mathematics Prize of the Third World Academy of Sciences in 2012.
In 2018 he was an invited speaker with talk The evenness conjecture in equivariant unitary bordism at the International Congress of Mathematicians in Rio de Janeiro.
From July 2017 to June 2019 he was President of the Colombian Mathematical Society.
245, 2004, pp.
Tillamook Rock Light (known locally as Terrible Tilly or just Tilly) is a deactivated lighthouse on the Oregon Coast of the United States.
It is located approximately  offshore from Tillamook Head, and  south of the Columbia River, situated on less than an acre of basalt rock in the Pacific Ocean.
The construction of the lighthouse was commissioned in 1878 by the United States Congress, and began in 1880.
The construction took more than 500 days to finish, with its completion in January 1881.
In early January 1881, when the lighthouse was near completion, the barque Lupatia was wrecked near the rock during inclement weather and sank, killing all 16 crew members.
The Light was officially lit on January 21, 1881.
At the time, it was the most expensive West Coast lighthouse ever built.
Due to the erratic weather conditions, and the dangerous commute for both keepers and suppliers, the lighthouse was nicknamed "Terrible Tilly" (or Tillie).
Over the years, storms have damaged the lighthouse, shattered the lens, and eroded the rock.
It was decommissioned in 1957, and has since been sold to private owners.
Until its license was revoked in 1999, it functioned as a columbarium, and today remains privately owned.
The light is listed in the National Register of Historic Places, and is part of the Oregon Islands National Wildlife Refuge.
It is visible from the coastal cities of Seaside, Cannon Beach, as well as from Ecola State Park.
A survey of the rock was ordered in 1879, which was headed by H. S. Wheeler and his cutter Thomas Corwin.
Wheeler's initial assessment determined that access to the rock was severely limited, if not impossible, but was ordered to continue.
During his second assessment, he was able to land on the rock, but was unable to move his survey equipment without the use of a tape line.
He then relayed that the rock would need considerable blasting to create a level area in order lay down a foundation for the lighthouse, and that more money was going to be needed to complete the project.
In September 1879, a third survey was ordered, this time headed by John Trewavas, whose experience included the Wolf Rock lighthouse in England.
Trewavas was overtaken by large swells and was swept into the sea while attempting a landing, and his body was never recovered.
His replacement, Charles A. Ballantyne, had a difficult assignment recruiting workers due to the widespread negative reaction to Trewavas' death, and a general desire by the public to end the project.
Ballantyne was eventually able to secure a group of quarrymen who knew nothing of the tragedy, and was able to resume work on the rock.
Transportation to and from the rock involved the use of a derrick line attached with a breeches buoy, and in May 1880, they were able to completely blast the top of the rock to allow the construction of the lighthouse's foundation.
The structure of lighthouse included an attached keeper's quarters and a  tower that originally housed a first-order Fresnel lens, with an incandescent oil vapor lamp,  above sea level.
The light had a visibility range of , and was fixed with a steam foghorn.
It is located on less than an acre of basalt in the Pacific Ocean,  south of the Columbia River, approximately  off Tillamook Head, and is the northernmost lighthouse along the Oregon coast.
The construction lasted more than 500 days by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers under the leadership of George Lewis Gillespie, Jr.
The cost of $125,000, at the time (equivalent to $ today), was the most expensive West Coast lighthouse ever built, later surpassed by the St. George Reef Light off the northern California coast.
Wheeler, the official in charge of the lighthouse's construction, heard the voices of the panicked crew and immediately ordered his men to place lanterns in the tower, and light a bonfire to signal the ship that they were approximately  from the rock.
The ship appeared to have been able to turn itself toward returning to sea, however quickly disappeared into the fog, and Wheeler was not able to hear the crew.
The next day, the bodies of all 16 crew members were found washed up on shore of Tillamook Head.
The only survivor of the wreck was the crew's dog.
Duty at the Tillamook Light was considered difficult due to the isolation from civilization, and the severe weather conditions.
The light was nicknamed "Terrible Tilly" (or Tillie), for the stormy conditions of its location.
Throughout its history, the area was hit by large, violent storms that damaged the lighthouse with large waves, winds, and debris, and on several occasions, the tower was flooded after the lantern room windows were broken by large debris.
The lighthouse had four head keepers during its first two years and in 1897, a telephone line was installed, though a storm cut it shortly afterwards.
During a storm in 1912, 100 tons of rock were reportedly shorn off the western end of the rock, and the windows were gradually cemented over, replaced by small portholes.
On October 21, 1934, the original lens was destroyed by a large storm that also leveled parts of the tower railing and greatly damaged the landing platform.
Winds had reached , launching boulders and debris into the tower, damaging the lantern room and destroying the lens.
The derrick and phone lines were destroyed as well.
After the storm subsided, communication with the lighthouse was severed until keeper Henry Jenkins built a makeshift radio from the damaged foghorn and telephone to alert officials.
Diesel engines were installed to provide electricity for the light and station.
Repairs to the lighthouse cost $12,000 and were not fully completed until February 1935.
The Fresnel lens was replaced by an aerobeacon, and a metal mesh placed around the lantern room to protect the tower from large boulders.
The last keeper was Oswald Allik, who would later become the last head keeper of Heceta Head Light.
Within two years, the lighthouse was sold to a group of investors from Nevada, who sold it in 1980 to a group of realtors, who created the Eternity at Sea Columbarium, which opened in June of that year.
After interring about 30 urns, the columbarium's license was revoked in 1999 by the Oregon Mortuary and Cemetery Board and was rejected upon reapplication in 2005.
Access to the site is severely limited, with a helicopter landing the only way to access the rock, and it is off-limits even to the owners during the seabird nesting season.
The structure was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1981 and is part of the Oregon Islands National Wildlife Refuge.
David Lowell Ladd (September 18, 1926 – October 12, 1994) was a former Commissioner of Patents and Register of Copyrights in the United States, the first (and currently only) individual to serve in both offices.
Ladd was born in Portsmouth, Ohio and attended the University of Chicago, where he received a bachelor of arts degree and, later, a degree in law.
In 1961, Ladd was appointed to lead the U.S. Patent Office by President John F. Kennedy.
At age 35, he was the second youngest man to ever hold the position.
As Commissioner of Patents, Ladd led a comprehensive reorganization of the Office and was present during the Office's 125th anniversary and granting of patent number 3,000,000.
In 1980, Ladd succeeded Barbara Ringer as U.S. Register of Copyrights.
Like Ringer, Ladd was seen as a strong advocate for authors' rights, and he adopted the position that the Copyright Office should play an active role in favor of copyright protection in public policy discussions.
Ladd was succeeded by Donald Curran in 1985 and returned to private practice at Wiley, Rein & Fielding.
He retired in 1987 and died in his home in Alexandria, Virginia in 1994, survived by his wife.
Yang Zhirou (楊執柔) (died 692?)
was an official of Wu Zetian's Zhou Dynasty, serving briefly as chancellor.
It is not known when Yang Zhirou was born.
What is known is that his grandfather Yang Xu (楊續), a member of Tang Dynasty's predecessor Sui Dynasty's imperial clan, was a brother of the early Tang chancellors Yang Gongren and Yang Shidao.
As Wu Zetian's mother Lady Yang was a cousin of Yang Xu, she viewed him as a member of her mother's household and treated him well.
As of 692, he was serving as the minister of defense (夏官尚書, Xiaguan Shangsu), when she gave him the designation of Tong Fengge Luantai Pingzhangshi (同鳳閣鸞臺平章事), making him a chancellor de facto.
When doing so, she commented that she wanted the members of both her father's and mother's clans to be chancellors (and by that time, her nephews Wu Chengsi and Wu Youning were chancellors).
Seven months later, as part of a major reorganization of her administration, he was removed from his chancellor position along with Wu Chengsi and Wu Youning, and made the minister of public works (地官尚書).
He appeared to have died soon thereafter.
62.
New Book of Tang, vol.
100.
Zizhi Tongjian, vol.
205.
Vini (asomtavruli , nuskhuri , mkhedruli ვ) is the 6th letter of the three Georgian scripts.
In the system of Georgian numerals it has a value of 6.
Vini commonly represents the voiced labiodental fricative , like the pronunciation of  in "vomit".
The 2004 season in the Latvian Higher League, named Virslīga, was the 14th domestic competition since the Baltic nation gained independence from the Soviet Union on 6 September 1991.
Eight teams competed in this edition, with Skonto FC claiming the title.
This list of bridges in Andorra lists bridges of particular historical, scenic, architectural or engineering interest.
Road and railway bridges, viaducts, aqueducts and footbridges are included.
Cleopas Ncube (born November 21, 1983) is a Canadian wrestler.
He finished in 4th place in the 70kg event at the 2014 World Wrestling Championships, losing the bronze medal final to Ali Shabanau of Belarus.
He also ranked among the best in several international competitions, including the Dave Schultz International.
Devil's Cargo is a 1948 American film directed by John F. Link Sr..
It was the fourteenth of the sixteen Falcon films produced in the 1940s, and the first of the three featuring the magician and actor John Calvert now released by Film Classics instead of RKO Pictures.
Olle Gunnar Westling (born 7 January 1945) is a Swedish Bachelor of Social Services, former municipal civil servant and the father of Prince Daniel, Duke of Västergötland, the husband of Victoria, Crown Princess of Sweden.
He is the grandfather of Princess Estelle, Duchess of Östergötland, and Prince Oscar, Duke of Skåne, who are the second and third in line of succession to the Swedish throne, respectively.
His father Anders Andersson (1900–1980) adopted the surname of  Westling which was the maiden name of his mother Brita Westling (1868–1965).
During 1965-66 he served as a soldier in the peacekeeping operation UNEF in Gaza.
Westling is of Forest Finnish descent and active in the Forest Finnish community.
He is a recipient of the 70th Birthday Badge Medal of King Carl XVI Gustaf (30 April 2016).
In molecular biology, the ELFV dehydrogenase family of enzymes include glutamate, leucine, phenylalanine and valine dehydrogenases.
These enzymes are structurally and functionally related.
They contain a Gly-rich region containing a conserved Lys residue, which has been implicated in the catalytic activity, in each case a reversible oxidative deamination reaction.
Glutamate dehydrogenases ,  and  (GluDH) are enzymes that catalyse the NAD- and/or NADP-dependent reversible deamination of L-glutamate into alpha-ketoglutarate.
GluDH isozymes are generally involved with either ammonia assimilation or glutamate catabolism.
Two separate enzymes are present in yeasts: the NADP-dependent enzyme, which catalyses the amination of alpha-ketoglutarate to L-glutamate; and the NAD-dependent enzyme, which catalyses the reverse reaction  - this form links the L-amino acids with the Krebs cycle, which provides a major pathway for metabolic interconversion of alpha-amino acids and alpha-keto acids.
Leucine dehydrogenase  (LeuDH) is a NAD-dependent enzyme that catalyses the reversible deamination of leucine and several other aliphatic amino acids to their keto analogues.
Each subunit of this octameric enzyme from Bacillus sphaericus contains 364 amino acids and folds into two domains, separated by a deep cleft.
The nicotinamide ring of the NAD+ cofactor binds deep in this cleft, which is thought to close during the hydride transfer step of the catalytic cycle.
Phenylalanine dehydrogenase  (PheDH) is an NAD-dependent enzyme that catalyses the reversible deamidation of L-phenylalanine into phenyl-pyruvate.
Valine dehydrogenase  (ValDH) is an NADP-dependent enzyme that catalyses the reversible deamidation of L-valine into 3-methyl-2-oxobutanoate.
These enzymes contain two domains, an N-terminal dimerisation domain, and a C-terminal domain.
Wiśnicze  () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielowieś, within Gliwice County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.
It lies approximately  south-west of Wielowieś,  north of Gliwice, and  north-west of the regional capital Katowice.
The village has a population of 311.
Dan Pontefract is a Canadian businessperson and writer.
He earned a Bachelor of Education (BEd) in 1994 and a degree in Educational Technology in 1995 from McGill University.
He received an MBA from Royal Roads University in 2002.
He then served as the Chief Envisioner and Chief Learning Officer at the Canadian national telecommunications company Telus.
There he launched the Telus Transformation Office to improve workplace culture and the Telus MBA, "a customized executive MBA tailored for promising employees" at University of Victoria's Peter B. Gustavson School of Business.
Pontefract also serves as an adjunct professor at the business school.
In 2018, Pontefract was named to the Thinkers50 Radar list of the "30 management thinkers most likely to shape the future of how organizations are managed and led."
His 2018 book, Open to Think, won the 2019 Axiom Business Book Award silver medal in the leadership category.
is a train station located in Adachi, Tokyo, Japan.
The ship was withdrawn from the James River reserve fleet and bareboat chartered to the U.S. Army during the West Coast maritime strike of 1948 (See MARAD vessel status cards).
Category:Ship names
The World Before the Flood is an oil painting on canvas by English artist William Etty, first exhibited in 1828 and currently in the Southampton City Art Gallery.
It depicts a scene from John Milton's Paradise Lost in which, among a series of visions of the future shown to Adam, he sees the world immediately before the Great Flood.
The painting illustrates the stages of courtship as described by Milton; a group of men select wives from a group of dancing women, drag their chosen woman from the group, and settle down to married life.
Behind the courting group, an oncoming storm looms, a symbol of the destruction which the dancers and lovers are about to bring upon themselves.
When first exhibited at the 1828 Royal Academy Summer Exhibition the painting attracted large crowds, and strongly divided critical opinion.
It was greatly praised by many critics, who counted it among the finest works of art in the country.
Other reviewers condemned it as crude, tasteless, offensive and poorly executed.
The painting was bought at the Summer Exhibition by the Marquess of Stafford.
It was sold in 1908, long after Etty had fallen out of fashion, for a substantial loss, and sold again in 1937 for a further substantial loss to the Southampton City Art Gallery, where it remains.
Another work by Etty, sold as A Bacchanalian Scene in 1830 and later renamed Landscape with Figures, was identified in 1953 as a preliminary oil sketch for The World Before the Flood and purchased by the York Art Gallery.
The two paintings were exhibited together as part of a major retrospective of Etty's work in 2011–12.
On 8 October 1798, at the age of 11, he was apprenticed as a printer to Robert Peck of Hull, publisher of local newspaper the Hull Packet.
On completing his seven-year apprenticeship he moved at the age of 18 to London, with the intention of becoming a history painter in the tradition of the Old Masters.
Strongly influenced by the works of Titian and Rubens, he submitted paintings to the Royal Academy of Arts and the British Institution, all of which were either rejected or received scant attention when exhibited.
In 1821 the Royal Academy accepted and exhibited one of Etty's works, The Arrival of Cleopatra in Cilicia (also known as The Triumph of Cleopatra).
The painting was extremely well received, and many of Etty's fellow artists greatly admired him.
He was elected a full Royal Academician in 1828, at that time the most prestigious honour available to an artist.
He became well respected for his ability to capture flesh tones accurately, and for his fascination with contrasts in skin tones.
In the decade following the exhibition of Cleopatra Etty tried to replicate its success by painting nude figures in biblical, literary and mythological settings.
Although some nudes by foreign artists were held in private English collections, the country had no tradition of depicting unclothed figures and the display and distribution of such material to the public had been suppressed since the 1787 Proclamation for the Discouragement of Vice.
Etty was the first British artist to specialise in paintings of nudes, and the reaction of uneducated audiences to these paintings caused concern throughout the 19th century.
Many critics condemned his repeated depictions of female nudity as indecent, although his portraits of males in a similar state of undress were generally well received.
Among the visions of the future the Archangel Michael shows to Adam is the world after the expulsion from the Garden of Eden but before the Great Flood.
This section of Paradise Lost reflects a passage from the sixth chapter of the Book of Genesis: "That the sons of God saw the daughters of men that they were fair; and they took them wives of all which they chose", an act which would shortly cause God to regret creating humanity and to cleanse the earth in the Great Flood.
The painting shows the stages of courtship as described by Milton, as men are seduced by women and pass from enjoying the company of other men into married life.
Etty worked through various configurations for the characters in the painting before settling on his final design.
Adam and Michael are not visible in the painting.
Instead, the viewer sees the scene from Adam's point of view.
Etty's painting is a Bacchanalian scene, centred on a group of six scantily-clad women dancing, while a group of men watch.
The women's cheeks are flushed both with the exertion of their dancing and with their lustful attempts to seduce the watching men.
The men "let their eyes rove without rein", each choosing the woman he wants to be with.
At the left, five men eye the six dancing women.
Three of the men discuss their choice of women, while the other two watch the dancing group alone.
The male figure closest to the viewer, a seated black man, had previously appeared as a soldier in The Triumph of Cleopatra.
A sixth man has made his choice, and lunges forward to grab the arms of a bare-breasted dancing woman.
In the centre, the women dance.
Their interlocked arms and hands create a pattern at the centre of the canvas, which acts as the focus of the painting.
To the right of the central group of dancers a young man drags another woman away from the group of dancers, to join a pair of lovers who lie down together at the right of the painting.
Across the entire width of the background, a darkening sky and oncoming storm clouds presage the destruction that the dancers are unwittingly about to bring upon themselves.
In a preliminary study for The World Before the Flood now in the York Art Gallery, the broad structure is similar to that of the finished work, but the focus is more strongly on the central group of women.
In Etty's oil sketch and in preliminary drawings the right-most of the dancing figures, wearing a green skirt, faces outward with her arms behind her back, forming a closed circle together with the central group of dancers.
In the finished work, she gestures outwards from the circle, creating a clear narrative flow in the positions of the figures: from the single men on the left, to the man choosing a wife, to the group of dancing women, to the couple leaving the circle of dancers to join the reclining lovers on the far right.
As was the case with most of his works, Etty did not give the painting a title.
It was initially exhibited as A Composition, taken from the Eleventh Book of Milton's Paradise Lost, and was referred to by Etty himself as The Bevy of Fair Women and The Origin of Marriage.
By 1862, when it was shown at the International Exhibition, it had acquired its present title.
Some reviewers were intensely critical of the piece.
A writer in the Literary Gazette called the painting a "deadly sin against good taste", describing the background as "unnecessarily harsh and crude" with "much to blame and lament" and the dancing figures "outrageous", complaining that the women reminded him not of Paradise Lost, but of the scantily clad witches in Robert Burns's Tam o' Shanter.
An anonymous critic in the Monthly Magazine disparaged the "writhings and twinings" of the painting's subjects, describing them as "as close to the unpardonable limits as anything that has lately appealed to the public eye".
This same writer disapproved of the dark skin tones of some of the figures, arguing that "the brown visage of the  gives but a dingy image of the roses and lilies that, from time immemorial, have made the charm of British beauty".
The correspondent for The London Magazine felt that although the painting was "in many respects worthy of admiration... [there] is a spirit, a boldness, and a startling effect", the work was poorly executed overall.
Its depiction of women drew particular ire: "the expression of the faces is vapid; the features rather homely; the limbs, though not ill-drawn, have not that finish and play of the muscles, which alone give lightness and elasticity.
They seem lifted up with difficulty, and ready to fall."
The review upbraided Etty as an artist who had  "advanced half way on his road to classic excellence; and there, when he should have proceeded with increased ardour and more careful exactness from being in view of his object, he has stopped short."
Etty's fellow artist John Constable privately described the work as "a revel rout of Satyrs and lady bums as usual".
Other critics offered a more positive impression of the piece.
The Examiner celebrated Etty's having "outdone his former self, and most of his contemporaries".
A reviewer in The Mirror of Literature, Amusement, and Instruction said that "few pictures have attracted or deserved more attention than this masterly production," describing the figures as "graceful and elegant".
The Athenaeum thought it "decidedly the most attractive picture in the whole Exhibition", noting that their review was delayed because in the opening week of the exhibition, "the crowds which continually stood in front of it rendered it quite impossible to get such a view of it as would enable us to do it justice".
Colburn's New Monthly Magazine considered it "another instance of the rapid advances which this rising artist is making towards perfection."
The most effusive praise was offered in poetic form by  John Taylor, who in September 1828 imagined that if Milton and Nicolas Poussin were both alive to see the painting, Milton would view it with "proud delight", while Poussin would suffer an "envious thorn" with the realization that Etty's abilities had surpassed his own.
Etty was delighted with his success at the exhibition, at which all three of the paintings he had exhibited were successfully sold to prestigious buyers.
From 1832 onwards, needled by repeated attacks from the press on his supposed indecency and tastelessness, Etty often made a conscious effort to project a moral dimension into his work, although he continued to be a prominent painter of nudes.
He died in 1849, working and exhibiting up until his death despite consistently being regarded by many as a pornographer.
Charles Robert Leslie observed shortly after Etty's death that  himself, thinking and meaning no evil, was not aware of the manner in which his works were regarded by grosser minds".
Interest in his work declined as new movements came to characterise painting in Britain, and by the end of the 19th century the cost of all his paintings had fallen below their original prices.
The World Before the Flood was sold to F. E. Sidney in 1908 for 230 guineas (about £ in  terms), and sold on to the Southampton City Art Gallery in 1937 for 195 guineas (about £ in  terms), where  it remains.
After its initial exhibition in 1828, the painting was shown at a number of significant exhibitions throughout the 19th century.
Etty's preliminary oil sketch entered the collection of Etty's former mentor Sir Thomas Lawrence.
Following Lawrence's death in 1830, it was sold as A Bacchanalian Scene for 27 guineas (about £ in  terms), and sold on as Landscape with Figures in 1908.
In 1953 it was identified as a study for The World Before the Flood, and purchased by the York Art Gallery, where  it remains.
Both versions of the painting were shown together as part of a major retrospective of Etty's work at the York Art Gallery in 2011–12.
is a train station on the Hankyu Railway Kobe Kosoku Line in Chūō-ku, Kobe, Japan.
On January 17, 1995, the station was closed due to the Great Hanshin earthquake; services to Shinkaichi resumed on February 6 that year, and to Sannomiya on June 1.
Chromotropic acid is a chemical compound with the formula (HO)2C10H4(SO3H)2.
It can be used for as a reagent in the quantitative determination of the herbicide 2,4-dichlorophenoxyacetic acid (2,4-D).
Chromotropic acid is also used for testing for the presence of formaldehyde.
The usefulness of this reagent in quantitative determination is the formation of a red coloration (peaking at 580 nm wavelength) when chromotropic acid in 50% sulfuric acid reacts with formaldehyde.
The coloration is specific to this aldehyde and is not produced from other organic species such as ketones and carboxylic acids.
The NIOSH Formaldehyde method #3500 is the reference analytical standard that uses chromotropic acid.
The George Draser Jr.
Houses are a pair of neighboring houses located at 48 and 52 W. Main St. in Mascoutah, Illinois.
The houses are both Queen Anne structures designed and built by local architect George Draser Jr.
The house at 48 W. Main St. is a one-story cottage known locally as the Doll House due to its size.
The house's design features gables with patterned shingles and decorative spindlework at the porch frieze and the peak of the gables.
The house at 52 W. Main St. is a full-size house which Draser built for himself and his family.
The house features a tower topped by a finial at its northeast corner, a large gable on its rear facade, and a hipped roof with cross gables and a small dormer.
The entrance to the house is located within a porch supported by Ionic columns; a pediment tops the porch above the doorway.
The houses were added to the National Register of Historic Places on May 11, 2000.
KN Luitel (born 28 April 1993) is an Indian cricketer.
He made his Twenty20 debut for Sikkim in the 2018–19 Syed Mushtaq Ali Trophy on 21 February 2019.
Conops ceriaeformis is a species of fly from the genus Conops in the family Conopidae.
Their larvae are endoparasites of bees and wasps.
The fly is scarce in the United Kingdom.
Stumpffia grandis is a species of frog in the family Microhylidae.
It is endemic to Madagascar.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, and heavily degraded former forest.
It is threatened by habitat loss.
The 2014 Iowa Corn Indy 300 was the 12th round of the 2014 IndyCar Series season.
Scott Dixon scored his first pole of the season.
The previous race at Pocono was won by Juan Pablo Montoya who won his first race since his comeback.
Montoya had scored his last IndyCar win in 2000 at Gateway.
Rock Creek is a stream that flows from the high Eastern Sierra Nevada to the Owens River in Mono County of eastern California.
The upper watershed is in the John Muir Wilderness of the Sierra and Inyo National Forests.
Additional creek drainage is from the crest's Mount Abbot, Mount Mills, Ruby Peak, and Mount Starr.
They combine with flow from Little Lakes Valley to Rock Creek Lake.
From the lake Rock Creek flows north to the location known as Tom's Place along U.S. Route 395, less than two miles from the Owens River.
The creek, however, turns southeast and flows parallel to the Owens River (and is shown on maps as "Lower Rock Creek"), eventually joining the river near the mouth of the Owens River Gorge.
Upstream from Tom's Place, Rock Creek is  long.
Lower Rock Creek, below Tom's Place, flows an additional  to the Owens River.
The Place Where We Lived is the sixth album by Canadian singer-songwriter Hayden, released May 26, 2009 on Hardwood Records and Universal Music Canada.
The album was not heavily promoted, and Hayden did not undertake an extensive concert tour to support it.
Upon the release of his follow-up album Us Alone, he joked that "I think I realized that you need to let people know you have a record out."
The stippled darter (Etheostoma punctulatum) is a species of darter found in Missouri and White River drainages in Ozark Uplands of Missouri and Arkansas.
Isolated population occurs in upper Castor River of southeastern Missouri.
It inhabits rocky pools of headwaters and creeks.
This species can reach a length of .
Virbia flavifurca is a moth in the family Erebidae first described by George Hampson in 1916.
It is found in Venezuela.
"Wij zijn Ajax"  (Dutch, "We are Ajax") is a song by Ajax and Friends.
A one off single by Dutch association football club AFC Ajax, which features guest vocal by several of the club's first team and women's team players, as well as prominent vocalists from the Netherlands, such as Victor Reinier, Koos Alberts, Dré Hazes, Karin Bloemen, Robert ten Brink, Peter Beense and Glennis Grace.
The song also features rap parts from Darryl, RB Djan and Ryan Babel.
The single was released online as a digital download on SPEC Entertainment, the label owned by popular Dutch rapper Ali B., while the video clip was frequently aired on television at the time of the release.
It spent 5 weeks in the Netherlands Top 40 as well peaking at #2.
Geudertheim is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
The Rhine and the German frontier are  to the east.
Neighbouring villages are Hœrdt to the south, Bietlenheim to the east, Brumath to the west and Weitbruch to the north.
On July 13, 2006, almost a century after the exoneration of Dreyfus, the Place de la Mairie was renamed Place General Picquart in his honour.
Balthazar Alexis Henri Schauenburg,  (also spelled Schauenbourg), (born in Hellimer on 31 July  1748) died in Geudertheim on 1 September 1831) was a French general who served in the wars of the French Revolution and the Empire.
The Roman Catholic Church dates from 1900.
Attached to it is the fifteenth-century funerary chapel of the Schauenbourg family along with a fifteenth-century tabernacle considered one of the most beautiful in Alsace.
Castle Schauenbourg.
A mill on the Zorn River.
Berberis woomungensis is a species of plant in the family Berberidaceae.
It is endemic to China.
Art in America is an illustrated monthly, international magazine concentrating on the contemporary art world in the United States, including profiles of artists and genres, updates about art movements, show reviews and event schedules.
It is designed for collectors, artists, art dealers, art professionals and other readers interested in the art world.
It has an active website, ArtinAmericaMagazine.com.
Art in America is influential in the way it promotes exploration of important art movements.
Over the years it has continued to reach a broad audience of individuals with interest pertaining to these cultural trends and movements.
Between 1921 and 1939 the magazine was published under the title Art in America and Elsewhere.
A number of well-known artists have been commissioned to design special covers for the magazine.
Edward Steichen did one for its 50th birthday; Alexander Calder, Robert Rauschenberg, Roy Lichtenstein and Robert Indiana also created covers.
For its 100th birthday the magazine planned special covers by Richard Prince, Cindy Sherman, and Urs Fischer.
Long-time editor Elizabeth C. Baker, who led the magazine for 34 years, resigned in June 2008 and was replaced by staff senior editor Marcia E. Vetrocq.
She served as editor until January 2011.
During her tenure, the magazine was re-designed, its international coverage expanded, and a website launched.
Art market blogger and Bloomberg reporter Lindsay Pollock was named editor-in-chief in January 2011.
Pollock announced that she was leaving in April 2017.
Cynthia Zabel joined Art in America in 2005 as advertising director, and in 2008 was named publisher.
Art in America was sold to ARTnews SA, parent of ARTnews in 2015.
Brant Publications acquired both Art in America and ARTnews from ARTnews SA.
The print magazine is published 11 times a year with a joint June/July issue.
Select reviews and features are uploaded to the website.
In 2018, Penske Media Corporation, the parent company of Variety Magazine, acquired ARTnews and Art in America.
It contains news and art criticism of painting, sculpture, photography, installation art, performance art, digital art, video and architecture in exhibition reviews, artist profiles, and feature articles.
Art in ActionChelsea Art Guide is a bi-monthly, free publication produced by Art in America.
Chelsea Art is a current guide to New York's vast contemporary art district.
With exhibition listings and an annotated map, Chelsea Art is a guide to the constantly changing geography of Chelsea.
Its offerings include a calendar of art world events, videos, live coverage of art fairs, and information on auctions.
Sharyn Moffett (born Patricia Sharyn Moffett; September 12, 1936) is an American former child actress who appeared in films during the 1940s.
Her parents were R.E.
Moffett and Gladyce Lloyd Roberts, a singer and dancer, respectively.
When she was four years old, her parents moved to Beverly Hills, California to explore her potential as a movie actress.
At the age of seven, Moffett played the lead in the film My Pal Wolf (1944), which marked her screen debut.
In 1944, she signed a seven-year contract with RKO Pictures.
Overall, she appeared in a dozen films, including The Body Snatcher (1945), the film noir The Locket (1946), Child of Divorce (1946), Banjo (1947), and Mr. Blandings Builds His Dream House (1948).
Those Endearing Young Charms: Child Performers of the Screen (South Brunswick and New York: Barnes & Co., 1971), pp.
192-196.
The District Docklands (previously known as Harbour Town) is an indoor/outdoor shopping centre in the suburb of Docklands in the inner-west of Melbourne.
It was discount retail centre part of the Harbour Town concept.
The Harbour Town featured a ferris wheel known as Southern Star which opened in 20 December 2008 but closed on 30 January 2009 due to structural defects.
It reopened on 23 December 2013 and was rebranded as Melbourne Star.
American retailer Costco opened its first Australian store at the centre on 17 August 2009.
Since its opening in 2008, Harbour Town struggled to attract visitors and shoppers to the centre due to the close proximity of being located near two DFO outlets and located on the edge of the CBD.
In December 2014, real estate investment and advisory group AsheMorgan purchased the centre from ING Real Estate.
A $150 million facelift and rebranding was announced in August 2017.
Swedish retail giant H&M signed on as the first retail anchor tenant and is joined by a number of other popular national youth fashion and lifestyle brands.
These changes mark the establishment of Melbourne's latest shopping, entertainment and fresh food precinct.
Construction of an eight-cinema Hoyts and an entertainment concept by Funlab was started in May 2017, opened in mid-2018.
The fresh food marketplace called The District Market, anchored by Woolworths and complemented by a variety of international and local retailers, will form the final stage of the redevelopment, due for completion in mid-2019.
The centre has already undergone an extensive aesthetic upgrade, including the installation of all-weather roofing.
The major retailers, which are located at either end of the centre, include Costco and H&M.
Hoyts will also be an anchor tenant in centre which is set to open in mid-2018 and Woolworths will also be an anchor tenant set to open in mid-2019.
Bus routes 220, 941 and 942 also serve the shopping centre, running along Footscray Road to the east.
The District Docklands also has a multi level car park with 2,818 spaces.
Yanzigang Stadium () is a multi-purpose stadium in Guangzhou, Guangdong, China.
It mainly used for campus football league and youth football championships of Guangzhou.
It is the current home of Hong Kong Premier League club R&F as well as the Guangzhou Evergrande Reserves.
It also served as a training field for the 1991 FIFA Women's World Cup, 2001 National Games of China and 2010 Asian Games.
It was the home stadium of Guangzhou Evergrande youth team for the 2011 China League Two.
Guangzhou Evergrande Reserves moved their home stadium from Lishui Evergrande Training Base to Yanzigang Stadium in 2017.
In June, Hong Kong Premier League club R&F received approval to use Yanzigang as their home stadium.
In addition, there are tennis courts, table tennis courts, six indoor badminton courts and a basketball court.
Twin Knolls, also known as Desert Sage, is a populated place situated in Maricopa County, Arizona.
It has an estimated elevation of  above sea level.
Argyrotaenia cubae is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae.
It is found in Cuba.
The wingspan is about 19 mm.
The ground colour of the forewings is cream ferruginous, cream along the edges of the markings and tinged with yellowish brown terminally where weak refractive markings occur.
The markings are brownish with dark brown edges.
The hindwings are cream, tinged with brownish and browner on the peripheries.
Savolles  is a commune in the Côte-d'Or department in eastern France.
Taabwa (Ichitaabwa), or Rungu (Malungu), is a Bantu language of Congo and Zambia spoken by half a million or so people.
John P. Kane Mansion, also known as High Lindens, is a historic home located at Huntington Bay in Suffolk County, New York.
It was built about 1850 and is a three-story, flat roofed clapboard residence with deep overhanging eaves on massive scrollsawn brackets which frame frieze windows.
It is representative of the Italianate style.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
Javanshir Fortress is a defensive fortress located 4 km north of the village of Talystan in the Ismayilli region, on the right bank of Aghcachay.
The castle was built by the ruler Javanshir during the reign of Mehranids dynasty in the Caucasus Albania.
The fortress is named after him.
It is believed that the fortress was used as an administrative center.
The area of the fortress is about 1.5 – 2 hectares.
It consists of fortress and an inner fortress called Naringala.
It is surrounded by valley of the Agchay river from three sides.
The complex consists of the main part and Ichgala.
The polygonal shaped Ichgala was built on the highest point of the mountain.
In most places only basis of it remains.
The walls of the Ichgala are demolished.
Thickness of the southern wall of the main portion is 2 meters and its height is more than 10 meters.
The western walls were completely destroyed by landslides.
The defense complex includes 6 towers and their height are up to 8 meters.
At the northern end of the tower there is a wall with a width of 2 meters and a ledge length of 50 meters.
The wall is completed with a cylinder-shaped tower.
The entrance to the castle was only from the southern side.
There was a gate place with 2.5 m width.
There were comb-shaped merlons about 0.5 m from each other on top of the walls.
Tower was built to strengthen walls of the castle.
Ichgala is in the northern part of the fortress.
Towers are four-cornered on the south, and rounded on other sides.
Some of their diameters reach 8 meters.
The main surveillance point is located at the northern end of the fortress.
There used to be a hidden path on the north-eastern side of the fortress.
This gave opportunity to the fortress to communicate with outside during a blockade.
The exact scheme of the it was first compiled by Professor, Doctor of Geographical Sciences, Ramazan Tarverdiyev in 1963.
Augustus Thébaud (20 November 1807 – 17 December 1885) was a French-American Jesuit educator and publicist.
He studied at first in the preparatory seminary at Nantes, then entered the grand séminaire and was ordained to the secular priesthood at the usual age.
After three years of parochial work in his native city, he entered the Society of Jesus in Italy, on 27 November 1835, whence he returned to France in 1837 to pursue a course of scientific studies at the Sorbonne under Ampère and others.
He landed in the United States on 18 December 1838, and was called to the chair of chemistry at St. Mary's College, Kentucky, where he became rector in 1846.
Before the end of that year however the Jesuits left Kentucky to take charge of St. John's College, Fordham, New York, which had been transferred to them from the Diocese of New York by Bishop Hughes.
Father Thébaud was the first Jesuit President of St. John's, a position which he held from 1846 to 1851 and again from 1860 to 1863.
In the interval he taught the sciences for two years, 1851–52, under Father Larkin, and the following eight years he spent as the pastor of St. Joseph's Church, Troy.
To this charge he returned after his second rectorship at Fordham and filled the position from 1863–69, and again from 1873-74.
The intervening years we find him at first in Montreal and then at St. Joseph's Church, Hudson City, New Jersey.
After spending another year at Fordham, he was assigned to St. Francis Xavier's parish, New York, where he passed the rest of his days.
He died at St. John's College in 1885, and was buried in the University Cemetery.
From 1875 to his death, he also prepared his reminiscences in three volumes.
Of these the United States Catholic Historical Society published volume III (1904), giving an account of his American experiences, and volume I (1911), containing the recollections of his life in France.
Rashad Khalifa (; ; November 19, 1935 – January 31, 1990) was an Egyptian-American biochemist, closely associated with the United Submitters International (USI), an offshoot of Quranism.
His teachings were opposed by Traditionalist Muslims.
He was assassinated on January 31, 1990.
He obtained an honors degree from Ain Shams University, Egypt, before he emigrated to the United States in 1959.
He later earned a Master's Degree in biochemistry from Arizona State University and a Ph.D. from University of California.
He became a naturalized U.S. citizen and lived in Tucson, Arizona.
He was married to an American woman and they had a son and a daughter together.
Khalifa worked as a science adviser for the Libyan government for about one year, after which he worked as a chemist for the United Nations Industrial Development Organization.
He next worked as a senior chemist in Arizona's State Office of Chemistry in 1980.
He founded the United Submitters International (USI), an organization that promulgated his beliefs.
He saw his role as purging the accretions that found their way into Islam via Hadith and Sunna, which he claimed were corrupted.
Instead, he believed that the beliefs and practices of Islam should be based on the Quran alone.
Starting in 1968, Khalifa used computers to analyze the frequency of letters and words in the Quran.
He published his findings in 1973 in the book Miracle of the Quran: Significance of the Mysterious Alphabets, in 1981 in the book The Computer Speaks: God's Message to the World, and in 1982 in the book Quran: Visual Presentation of the Miracle.
Khalifa claimed that the Quran, unlike the Hadith, was incorruptible because it contained a mathematical structure based on the number 19.
For example, he claimed that this mathematical structure rejected the apocryphal Quranic verses 9:128-129.
Some Muslims objected to this interpretation.
However, Khalifa believed this mathematical structure prevented the Quran from being adulterated and that it was proof of its divine authorship.
Khalifa's research did not receive much attention in the West.
In 1980, Martin Gardner mentioned it in Scientific American.
Gardner later wrote a more extensive and critical review of Khalifa and his work.
He was stabbed multiple times.
Nineteen years after the murder, on  April 28, 2009, the Calgary Police Services of Canada arrested Glen Cusford Francis, a 52-year-old citizen of Trinidad and Tobago, on suspicion of killing Rashad Khalifa.
Investigators in Tucson learned that Francis, who was going by the name Benjamin Phillips, had begun his studies under Khalifa in January 1990.
Phillips disappeared shortly after the slaying, and was said to have left the country.
An investigation revealed Phillips and Francis were the same man when the police analyzed fingerprints found in Phillips' apartment.
A specialty unit of the Tucson Police Department progressed in its investigation in 2006 and in December 2008, and was able to use DNA testing on forensic evidence from the crime scene to tie Francis to the assassination.
In October 2009, a Canadian judge ordered Francis's extradition to the United States to face trial.
The trial for the murder began on December 11, 2012.
On December 19, the jury, after a three-hour deliberation, found Glen Francis guilty of first-degree murder and sentenced him to life in prison.
Prior to the Francis trial, James Williams, an alleged member of the Jamaat ul-Fuqra organization, was convicted of conspiracy in the slaying.
Williams disappeared on the day of his sentencing.
In 2000 Williams was apprehended attempting to re-enter the United States and was sentenced to serve 69 years in prison.
His convictions were upheld on appeal by the Colorado Court of Appeals, except for one count of forgery.
The Computer Speaks: God's Message to the World, Renaissance Productions, Tucson, Arizona, 1981.
Qur'an: The Final Scripture, Islamic Productions, Tucson, Arizona, 1981.
Qur'an: Visual Presentation of the Miracle, Islamic Productions, Tucson, Arizona, 1982.
Qur'an, Hadith and Islam, Islamic Productions, Tucson, Arizona, 1982.
Qur'an: The Final Testament, Islamic Productions, Tucson, Arizona, 1989.
R. Khalifa, Quran, Hadith, And Islam, Universal Unity, 2000. .
Y.Y.
Haddad and J.I.
Smith, Mission to America; Five Islamic Sectarian Communities in North America, University Press of Florida, 1993.  .
A.Y.
Morris Llewelyn, Fflewellyan, Fflewellyn, Fuellen or Fludkyn (by 1522 – will proved 1568), of Wells, Somerset, was an English politician.
He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Wells in 1555.
Farm to Market Road 2767, FM 2767, or Old Kilgore Highway is a Farm to Market Road in Texas, running from Loop 323 in Tyler east to SH 31 near Kilgore.
The route was redesignated on July 10, 1963 as RM 2323 when it was extended farther north to meet the existing RM 2323.
The current route of FM 2767 was designated on December 20, 1963.
On September 29, 2005, FM 2767 was rerouted to end at Loop 323 further north; the old route from FM 850 to the new route was obliterated, the old route from FM 850 to near Loop 323 was given to the county, and a small portion near Loop 323 was obliterated.
Inger Elise Birkeland (born 1954 in Årdal) is a Norwegian civil servant and Labour Party politician.
Since 2005 she has served as Director of the Norwegian Centre for Violence and Traumatic Stress Studies, a government-owned research institute.
She was a political adviser to Prime Minister Gro Harlem Brundtland in the Prime Minister's Office from 1992 to 1996.
She was also a member of the Oslo city council from 1992 to 1996.
She worked as a civil servant at the Norwegian Directorate of Health from 1978 to 1983, at the Royal Ministry of Health from 1997 to 1998 and as a consultant at IBM Global Services from 1998 to 2005.
Eccrisis plagiaticollis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
It was described by Fairmaire in 1893.
Nadur Youngsters Football Club is a Maltese Football Club from the village of Nadur, on the island of Gozo, Malta.
The club was founded in 1958 and won the Gozo Football League eleven times and has achieved the Golden Star for sports excellence.
The team currently competes in the Gozo Football League First Division.
Nadur Youngsters is one of the most popular football teams in Gozo and brings up young players from the village every year.
Adriana Lecouvreur is an opera in four acts by Francesco Cilea to an Italian libretto by Arturo Colautti, based on the 1849 play Adrienne Lecouvreur by Eugène Scribe and Ernest Legouvé.
It was first performed on 6 November 1902 at the Teatro Lirico in Milan.
The first was an opera in three acts by Tommaso Benvenuti (premiered in Milan in 1857).
The next two were lyric dramas in 4 acts by Edoardo Vera (to a libretto by Achille de Lauzières) which premiered in Lisbon in 1858, and by Ettore Perosio (to an anonymous libretto), premiered in Geneva in 1889.
After Cilea created his own Adriana, however, none of those by others were performed anymore and they remain largely unknown today.
The opera is based on the life of the French actress Adrienne Lecouvreur (1692–1730).
While there are some actual historical figures in the opera, the episode it recounts is largely fictional; its death-by-poisoned-violets plot device is often signalled as verismo opera's least realistic.
It is often condemned as being among the most confusing texts ever written for the stage, and cuts that have often been made in performance only make the story harder to follow.
The running time of a typical modern performance is about 135 minutes (excluding intervals).
The opera was first performed in the United States by the San Carlo Opera Company on January 5, 1907, at the French Opera House in New Orleans with Tarquinia Tarquini in the title role.
It gained its Metropolitan Opera premiere on 18 November 1907 (in a performance starring Lina Cavalieri and Caruso).
It had a run of only three performances that season, however, due in large part to Caruso's ill-health.
The opera was not performed again at the Met until a new production was mounted in 1963.
That 1963 production continued to be remounted at the same theatre, with differing casts, for the next few decades.
It was in the lead role of this opera that the Spanish tenor Plácido Domingo made his Met debut in 1968, alongside Renata Tebaldi in the title role.
He sang again in Adriana Lecouvreur in February 2009.
The title role in Adriana Lecouvreur has always been a favorite of sopranos with large voices, which tend to sit less at the very top of their range.
This part has a relatively low tessitura, going no higher than Bb, and only a few times at that, but requires great vocal power, and is a meaty and challenging one to tackle on a dramatic level – especially during the work's so-called "Recitation" and death scene.
Famous Adrianas of the past 75 years have included Claudia Muzio, Magda Olivero, Carla Gavazzi, Leyla Gencer, Montserrat Caballé, Renata Tebaldi, Raina Kabaivanska, Renata Scotto, Mirella Freni, and Joan Sutherland.
Angela Gheorghiu tackled the role at the Royal Opera, London, in 2010 with Jonas Kaufmann as Maurizio.
The Met presented a production new to that house by David McVicar on 31 December 2018, with Anna Netrebko in the title role, Piotr Beczała as Maurizio and Anita Rachvelishvili as the Princess de Bouillon.
A recording of part of the opera's last act duet "No, più nobile", rearranged into a self-contained tenor aria, was made by Caruso as early as 1902 for the Gramophone & Typewriter Company in Milan and its affiliates, with Cilea at the piano.
The Prince de Bouillon, admirer and patron of the actress Duclos, is with his companion, the Abbé.
Adriana enters reciting.
Complimented, she sings 'Io son l'umile ancella' ("I am the humble servant of the creative spirit").
The Prince hears that Duclos is writing a letter, and arranges for its interception.
Left alone with Adriana, Michonnet wants to express his love for her.
However, Adriana explains she has a lover: Maurizio, a soldier in the service of the Count of Saxony, she being unaware that Maurizio is in reality the count himself.
Maurizio enters and declares his love for Adriana, 'La dolcissima effigie'.
They agree to meet after the performance.
Adriana gives him some violets to put in his buttonhole.
The Prince and the Abbé return.
They have obtained the letter from Duclos, in which she requests a meeting with Maurizio later that evening at the Prince's villa (in fact, she acts as proxy for Princess de Bouillon who is in love with Maurizio and at the same time is involved in some political matters with him).
The Prince decides to arrange a party for the company at the villa in order to expose Duclos and Maurizio.
Duclos's letter comes to Maurizio, who then cancels his appointment with Adriana.
After receiving his notification on stage, she agrees to join the Prince's party, in hope to meet the count and talk to him about Maurizio's promotion.
When he enters, she sees the violets and asks how he came by them.
Maurizio presents them to her.
Nevertheless, despite being grateful for her help at court, he admits he no longer loves her.
Although she guesses he has a lover, he won't reveal her name.
The Prince and the Abbé suddenly arrive and the Princess hides.
Maurizio realizes they think he is with Duclos.
Adriana enters and learns Maurizio's true identity.
He tells Adriana the assignation was political.
They must arrange the escape of the woman who is in hiding.
Adriana trusts him and agrees to help.
During the intermezzo that follows, the house is darkened, which Adriana uses to tell the Princess she can escape.
However, the two women are mutually suspicious and the rescue attempt turns into a blazing quarrel before the Princess finally leaves.
The stage manager Michonnet notices that the Princess has dropped a bracelet, which he gives to Adriana.
The Prince, who has an interest in chemistry, is storing a powerful poison that the government has asked him to analyze.
At a reception given by the Prince and Princess, guests note the arrival of Michonnet and Adriana.
The Princess thinks she recognizes the latter's voice.
When the Princess announces that Maurizio has been wounded in a duel, Adriana faints.
However, soon afterwards, when Maurizio enters uninjured, Adriana is ecstatic.
He sings of his war exploits, 'Il russo Mencikoff'.
A ballet is performed: the 'Judgement of Paris'.
Adriana learns that the bracelet Michonnet found belongs to the Princess.
In growing recognition that they are rivals for Maurizio's affection, the Princess and Adriana challenge each other.
When the former pointedly suggests that Adriana should recite a scene from 'Ariadne abandoned', the Prince asks instead for a scene from Phèdre.
Adriana uses the final lines of the text to make a headstrong attack on the Princess, who determines to have her revenge.
Adriana is consumed with anger and jealousy.
Members of the theatre company come to visit her, bringing her presents on her name day and trying to persuade her to return to the theatre.
Michonnet has retrieved a diamond necklace, previously pawned by Adriana to help Maurizio pay off his debts.
A casket is delivered with a note from Maurizio.
Adriana looks at the note and immediately feels unwell.
She looks in the box and takes out the faded violets that she had once given Maurizio in the theatre.
She is hurt that he should send them back to her.
She kisses the flowers, 'Poveri fiori', and throws them in the fire.
Maurizio enters.
He wishes to marry her.
Although they embrace, he realises she is shaking.
Maurizio tells her that he didn't send the flowers.
She becomes deranged.
Michonnet and Maurizio realize that she has been poisoned by the Princess.
For a moment, she becomes lucid again, 'ecco la luce', but then dies.
Trochactaeon is an extinct genus of fossil sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Acteonellidae.
The genus Trochactaeon is known from the Late Cretaceous to the Early Cretaceous periods.
William Stein Newman (April 6, 1912 – April 27, 2000) was an American musicologist.
He was born in Cleveland, Ohio.
From 1945 he taught at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.
He is best remembered for his three volume History of the Sonata Idea, a study of the term "sonata" comprising The Sonata in the Baroque Era, The Sonata in the Classical Era and The Sonata Since Beethoven.
He also wrote on performance practice.
His textbook, Understanding Music, is perhaps the most thoroughgoing text on music appreciation in the English language.
Newman was initiated as an honorary member of Phi Mu Alpha Sinfonia by the Alpha Rho chapter in May 1963.
Newman died in Chapel Hill, North Carolina.
Philip F. Gura, a professor at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, is the William S. Newman Distinguished Professor of American Literature and Culture.
A concert series at UNC-Chapel Hill is named in his honor.
His intense interests extended from pugilism (specifically, boxing), to hands-on involvement with sports cars, and, of course, the Chopin Études and the Beethoven Sonatas.
Pianists should read his The Pianist's Problems.
Árni is an Icelandic given name.
"Hear Me Lord" is a song by English rock musician George Harrison from his 1970 triple album All Things Must Pass.
It was the last track on side four of the original LP format and is generally viewed as the closing song on the album, disc three being the largely instrumental Apple Jam.
Harrison wrote "Hear Me Lord" in January 1969 while still a member of the Beatles.
The band rehearsed it briefly at Twickenham Film Studios that month, but it was passed over for inclusion on what became their final album, Let It Be.
The song is in the gospel-rock musical style and the lyrics take the form of a personal prayer, in which Harrison seeks help and forgiveness from his deity.
Along with "My Sweet Lord", it is among the most overtly religious selections on All Things Must Pass.
The recording was co-produced by Phil Spector and includes musical contributions from Eric Clapton, Gary Wright, Billy Preston, Bobby Whitlock and other musicians from Delaney & Bonnie's Friends band.
On release, Ben Gerson of Rolling Stone described "Hear Me Lord" as the album's "big statement" and a "majestic plea".
Harrison included the song in his set list for the Concert for Bangladesh on 1 August 1971.
He performed it during the afternoon show only, although the recording has never been issued officially.
With the band members in disagreement about the nature of the project and whether to return to live performance, this period was one of discord within the group.
For Harrison, it contrasted sharply with the two months he had spent in the United States at the end of 1968, when he had enjoyed collaborating with musicians such as Jackie Lomax, members of the Los Angeles Wrecking Crew, Tiny Tim, Bob Dylan and the Band.
In addition, his wife, Pattie Boyd, had temporarily left him that same weekend, after discovering that Harrison was having an affair with a French woman they had invited to stay at their home.
Although the song is recognised as a deeply personal statement, "Hear Me Lord" is one of the compositions that Harrison does not mention at all in his 1980 autobiography, I, Me, Mine.
Harrison biographer Simon Leng describes the self-revelation evident in its lyrics as "unprecedented", adding: "How many millionaire rock stars use a song to beg forgiveness from God, or anyone else ...?"
Leng identifies three "anchors" in the song's lyrics: the phrases "forgive me", "help me" and "hear me".
In their pleas for forgiveness, acknowledgement of weakness and promise of self-improvement, Harrison's words have been described by author Ian Inglis as offering a similar statement to the Christian Lord's Prayer.
Inglis highlights the song's final verse – particularly the lines "Help me Lord, please / To burn out this desire" – as being an "almost flagellatory ... self-chastisement" on Harrison's part.
Religious academic Joshua Greene recognises the same couplet as an example of Harrison the "life-lover", prone to "sexual fantasies", and just one facet of its parent album's "intimately detailed account of a spiritual journey".
Like "Let It Down", "Isn't It a Pity" and other compositions of his around this time, it was met with little enthusiasm from the group's principal songwriters, John Lennon and Paul McCartney.
The band barely rehearsed "Hear Me Lord" that day, during which Harrison and McCartney engaged in an on-camera argument culminating in Harrison's resigned comment "Whatever it is that will please you, I'll do it."
Even after the location had been moved to the Apple basement later that month and keyboard player Billy Preston brought in – two developments Harrison instigated in an attempt to improve the atmosphere – he would not play the song again at any Beatles session.
Harrison found a more sympathetic collaborator in Preston, a born-again Christian, when he began producing the Texan's debut album on Apple Records in February 1969.
The two musicians co-wrote the track "Sing One for the Lord", one of the first songs Preston recorded for Apple, although it would not be released until September 1970, on his Encouraging Words album.
Leng suggests that, following Lennon and McCartney's routine dismissal of many of his compositions, Harrison "presented his new songs with reticence, almost with a Pavlovian expectation of their being rejected".
In his interview for the 2011 George Harrison: Living in the Material World documentary, Spector explains his positive reaction to Harrison's spiritually themed songs: "He just lived by his deeds.
He was spiritual and you knew it, and there was no salesmanship involved.
It made you spiritual being around him."
This solo performance of "Hear Me Lord" was subsequently made available on the bootleg album Beware of ABKCO!
Selected for inclusion on All Things Must Pass, the band performance of "Hear Me Lord" has been described by Leng as "slow-cooking, gospel rock".
The musicians on the recording were all those with whom Harrison had briefly toured Europe in December 1969, as a member of Delaney & Bonnie's Friends band, including Preston and Eric Clapton, supplemented by pianist Gary Wright, a mainstay of the extended sessions for All Things Must Pass.
The track begins with Jim Gordon's heavily treated drums and features a "rolling" piano commentary from Wright and "sweet slide guitar licks" from Harrison, Leng writes.
Author Bruce Spizer remarks on the "soulful" backing-vocal arrangement performed by Harrison, multi-tracked and credited to the George O'Hara-Smith Singers.
The guitar interplay between Harrison and Clapton, notably what Leng terms the track's "'Little Wing' riffs", would be reprised on "Back in My Life Again" and "A Day Without Jesus" for organ player Bobby Whitlock's eponymous solo album, which was recorded in January 1971.
In their Solo Beatles Compendium, Chip Madinger and Mark Easter comment that the official take of "Hear Me Lord" ran considerably longer than the released 5:46 running time.
On the 2001 reissue of All Things Must Pass, the song's length was extended to 6:01.
It was effectively the final song on the album, since the third LP, titled Apple Jam, was a bonus disc consisting almost entirely of instrumental jams recorded during the sessions.
Discussing the critical and commercial success of Harrison's triple album, author Nicholas Schaffner wrote in 1977: "George painted his masterpiece at a time when both he and his audience still believed music could change the world.
If Lennon's studio was his soap-box, then Harrison's was his pulpit."
The release coincided with a period when the counterculture's interest in spirituality, at the expense of formal religion, received heavy coverage both in the mainstream press and from religious commentators.
Reflecting the intentions behind songs such as "Hear Me Lord" and the album's worldwide number 1 hit single, "My Sweet Lord", Harrison said in an interview at the time: "Music should be used for the perception of God, not jitterbugging."
He added: "I want to be God-conscious.
That's really my only ambition, and everything else in life is incidental."
Former Mojo editor Mat Snow includes "Hear Me Lord" among the songs that provided "added vindication" for Harrison, after All Things Must Pass saw him become "by far the most successful" former Beatle by the Christmas of 1970.
To Rolling Stones Ben Gerson, having bemoaned that "[Harrison's] words sometimes try too hard; [as if] he's taking himself or the subject too seriously", "Hear Me Lord" was "the big statement".
Harrison biographer Elliot Huntley praises "Hear Me Lord" as "another soulful hymn ... another number given the full gospel treatment by Spector" and credits Harrison with being "the first white man to combine gospel and rock without sounding ludicrous".
Writing in Rolling Stone Press's Harrison tribute, following the singer's death in November 2001, Greg Kot described the music as "orchestrated into a dense, echo-laden cathedral of rock in excelsis by Phil Spector" before noting: "But the real stars of this monumental effort are Harrison's songs, which give awe-inspiring dimension to his spirituality and sobering depth to his yearning for a love that doesn't lie."
Music critic Richie Unterberger describes the song as "a lovely, somber number" when first performed by Harrison at Twickenham in January 1969.
He adds that the Beatles' disinterest in the song was most likely due to its unsuitability to the band's style, whereas "it truly found its appropriate setting" on All Things Must Pass.
In his 2001 review for The New York Times, Jody Rosen grouped "Hear Me Lord" with "Art of Dying" and "Wah-Wah" as examples of how Spector successfully transformed Harrison's compositions on an "operatic scale".
Rosen added: "The symphonic squall of these songs seems less about rock star hubris than Mr. Harrison's straining to express outsized emotions – sorrow, regret, longing, writ very large."
Simon Leng says that the lyrics alone might make "Hear Me Lord" seem "falsely pious" yet, like Bruce Spizer, he recognises Harrison's sincerity reflected in his performance on the recording.
Leng adds: "Even more than 'My Sweet Lord', the closer to the album proper is the most emotionally compelling piece on an emotionally naked compilation.
This is a true outpouring of feeling ... A movingly impassioned vocal completes a picture that is as cathartic as anything on Lennon's Plastic Ono Band album."
Less convinced, Ian Inglis says that "the impression is of a man cowed, rather than liberated, by his faith."
Inglis finds an "uneasy self-righteousness" in Harrison's verse-one lines "Forgive them Lord / Those that feel they can't afford you" and concludes: "The song's gospel-tinged backing matches the evangelical nature of its sentiments, but ['Hear Me Lord'] is a slightly unsettling end to a collection of songs of great power and passion."
Davy Knowles & Back Door Slam covered the song on their 2009 album Coming Up for Air, produced by Peter Frampton, who was one of several uncredited contributors to All Things Must Pass.
In his review for Blogcritics, Josh Hathaway described the song as a "Harrison classic" and the album's "masterpiece" thanks to Frampton's lead guitar duel with Knowles and Benmont Tench's sympathetic organ playing.
Harrison then performed it during the afternoon show at Madison Square Garden on Sunday, 1 August, immediately following Bob Dylan's surprise set.
After what author Alan Clayson describes as a "creaky" performance of the song, a slight reorganisation of the concert program saw it dropped for the second show.
Along with Dylan's "Love Minus Zero/No Limit", "Hear Me Lord" was the only song performed at the Concert for Bangladesh that did not appear on the official live album of the event and in Saul Swimmer's 1972 concert film.
Following Harrison's death in November 2001, Chris Carter, an American DJ and a consultant to Capitol Records, spoke of including "Hear Me Lord" on a planned reissue of The Concert for Bangladesh, which was scheduled for release during 2002.
Carter added: "there are some technical problems with the recording [of the song] … so that's still up in the air."
The reissue took place in October 2005, with "Love Minus Zero/No Limit" included as a bonus track, but without the addition of "Hear Me Lord".
Keith Badman, The Beatles Diary Volume 2: After the Break-Up 1970–2001, Omnibus Press (London, 2001; ).
Harry Castleman & Walter J. Podrazik, All Together Now: The First Complete Beatles Discography 1961–1975, Ballantine Books (New York, NY, 1976; ).
Alan Clayson, George Harrison, Sanctuary (London, 2003; ).
The Editors of Rolling Stone, Harrison, Rolling Stone Press/Simon & Schuster (New York, NY, 2002; ).
Michael Frontani, "The Solo Years", in Kenneth Womack (ed.
), The Cambridge Companion to the Beatles, Cambridge University Press (Cambridge, UK, 2009; ), pp.
153–82.
Joshua M. Greene, Here Comes the Sun: The Spiritual and Musical Journey of George Harrison, John Wiley & Sons (Hoboken, NJ, 2006; ).
Olivia Harrison, George Harrison: Living in the Material World, Abrams (New York, NY, 2011; ).
Elliot J. Huntley, Mystical One: George Harrison – After the Break-up of the Beatles, Guernica Editions (Toronto, ON, 2006; ).
Ian Inglis, The Words and Music of George Harrison, Praeger (Santa Barbara, CA, 2010; ).
Simon Leng, While My Guitar Gently Weeps: The Music of George Harrison, Hal Leonard (Milwaukee, WI, 2006; ).
Chip Madinger & Mark Easter, Eight Arms to Hold You: The Solo Beatles Compendium, 44.1 Productions (Chesterfield, MO, 2000; ).
Barry Miles, The Beatles Diary Volume 1: The Beatles Years, Omnibus Press (London, 2001; ).
Robert Rodriguez, Fab Four FAQ 2.0: The Beatles' Solo Years 1970–1980, Hal Leonard (Milwaukee, WI, 2010; ).
Nicholas Schaffner, The Beatles Forever, McGraw-Hill (New York, NY, 1978; ).
Mat Snow, The Beatles Solo: The Illustrated Chronicles of John, Paul, George, and Ringo After The Beatles (Volume 3: George), Race Point Publishing (New York, NY, 2013; ).
Bruce Spizer, The Beatles Solo on Apple Records, 498 Productions (New Orleans, LA, 2005; ).
Doug Sulpy & Ray Schweighardt, Get Back: The Unauthorized Chronicle of The Beatles' Let It Be Disaster, St. Martin's Griffin (New York, 1997; ).
Gary Tillery, Working Class Mystic: A Spiritual Biography of George Harrison, Quest Books (Wheaton, IL, 2011; ).
Richie Unterberger, The Unreleased Beatles: Music & Film, Backbeat Books (San Francisco, CA, 2006; ).
John C. Winn, That Magic Feeling: The Beatles' Recorded Legacy, Volume Two, 1966–1970, Three Rivers Press (New York, NY, 2009; ).
Antibiotic misuse, sometimes called antibiotic abuse or antibiotic overuse, refers to the misuse or overuse of antibiotics, with potentially serious effects on health.
It is a contributing factor to the development of antibiotic resistance, including the creation of multidrug-resistant bacteria, informally called "super bugs": relatively harmless bacteria (such as staphylococcus, enterococcus and acinetobacter) can develop resistance to multiple antibiotics and cause life-threatening infections.
In the 1980s, antibiotics that were determined medically important for treatment of animals could be approved under veterinary oversight.
In 1996, the National Antimicrobial Resistance Monitoring System (NARMS) was established.
Starting in 2010, publications regarding antimicrobial drugs in food became an annual report.
Starting in 2012, there was publicly solicited input on how data is to be collected and reported for matters relating to the use of antimicrobials for food-producing animals.
Resulting from this, the FDA revised its sampling structure within NARMS with the goal of obtaining more representative livestock data for the key organisms under surveillance.
“NARMS partners at CDC and USDA have published over 150 peer-reviewed research articles examining the nature and magnitude of antimicrobial resistance hazards associated with antibiotic use in food-producing animals.” In 2014, the FDA began working with the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) and the Centers of Disease Control and Prevention (CDC)  to explore additional mechanisms to obtain data that is representative of antibiotic use in food-producing animals.
In 2015, the FDA issued the Veterinary Feed Directive (VFD) final rule, under which veterinarians must authorize the use of antimicrobials within feed for the animals they serve.
If there is a diagnosis of bacterial infection, then antibiotics may be used.
When children with ear tubes get ear infections, they should have antibiotic eardrops put into their ears to go to the infection rather than having oral antibiotics which are more likely to have unwanted side effects.
Swimmer's ear should be treated with antibiotic eardrops, not oral antibiotics.
Sinusitis should not be treated with antibiotics because it is usually caused by a virus, and even when it is caused by a bacteria, antibiotics are not indicated except in atypical circumstances as it usually resolves without treatment.
Viral conjunctivitis should not be treated with antibiotics.
Antibiotics should only be used with confirmation that a patient has bacterial conjunctivitis.
Older persons often have bacteria in their urine which is detected in routine urine tests, but unless the person has the symptoms of a urinary tract infection, antibiotics should not be used in response.
Eczema should not be treated with oral antibiotics.
Dry skin can be treated with lotions or other symptom treatments.
The use of topical antibiotics to treat surgical wounds does not reduce infection rates in comparison with non-antibiotic ointment or no ointment at all.
In the United States, antibiotics and anti-infectives are the leading cause of adverse effect from drugs.
In a study of 32 States in 2011, antibiotics and anti-infectives accounted for nearly 24 percent of ADEs that were present on admission, and 28 percent of those that occurred during a hospital stay.
If antimicrobial resistance continues to increase from current levels, it is estimated that by 2050 ten million people would die every year due to lack of available treatment and the world’s GDP would be 2 - 3.5% lower in 2050.
If worldwide action is not taken to combat antibiotic misuse and the development of antimicrobial resistance, from 2014 - 2050 it is estimated that 300 million people could die prematurely due to drug resistance and $60 – 100 trillion of economic output would be lost.
If the current worldwide development of antimicrobial resistance is delayed by just 10 years,  $65 trillion of the world’s GDP output can be saved from 2014-2050.
Prescribing by an infectious disease specialist compared with prescribing by a non-infectious disease specialist decreases antibiotic consumption and reduces costs.
The overuse of fluoroquinolone and other antibiotics fuels antibiotic resistance in bacteria, which can inhibit the treatment of antibiotic-resistant infections.
Their excessive use in children with otitis media has given rise to a breed of bacteria resistant to antibiotics entirely.
Additionally, the use of antimicrobial substances in building materials and personal care products has contributed to a higher percentage of antibiotic resistant bacteria in the indoor environment, where humans spend a large majority of their lives.
Widespread use of fluoroquinolones as a first-line antibiotic has led to decreased antibiotic sensitivity, with negative implications for serious bacterial infections such as those associated with cystic fibrosis, where quinolones are among the few viable antibiotics.
They are also ineffective against sore throats, which are usually viral and self-resolving.
Most cases of bronchitis (90–95%) are viral as well, passing after a few weeks—the use of antibiotics against bronchitis is superfluous and can put the patient at risk of suffering adverse reactions.
If you take an antibiotic when you have a viral infection, the antibiotic attacks bacteria in your body, bacteria that are either beneficial or at least not causing disease.
This misdirected treatment can then promote antibiotic-resistant properties in harmless bacteria that can be shared with other bacteria, or create an opportunity for potentially harmful bacteria to replace the harmless ones.
Official guidelines by the American Heart Association for dental antibiotic prophylaxis call for the administration of antibiotics to prevent infective endocarditis.
Though the current (2007) guidelines dictate more restricted antibiotic use, many dentists and dental patients follow the 1997 guidelines instead, leading to overuse of antibiotics.
A study by Imperial College London in February 2017 found that of 20 online websites, 9 would provide antibiotics (illegally) without a prescription to UK residents.
The most abundant use of antimicrobials worldwide is in livestock; they are typically distributed in animal feed or water for purposes such as disease prevention and growth promotion.
Debates have arisen surrounding the extent of the impact of these antibiotics, particularly antimicrobial growth promoters, on human antibiotic resistance.
This action requires that farmers establish and work with veterinaries to receive a written VFD order.
The effect of this act places a requirement on an established veterinarian-client-patient relationship (VCPR).
Through this relationship, farmers will receive an increased education in the form of advice and guidance from their veterinarian.
Resistant bacteria in food can cause infections in humans.
Similar to humans, giving antibiotics to food animals will kill most bacteria, but resistant bacteria can survive.
When food animals are slaughtered and processed, resistant germs in the animal gut can contaminate the meat or other animal products.
Resistant germs from the animal gut can also get into the environment, like water and soil, from animal manure.
If animal manure or water containing resistant germs are used on fruits, vegetables, or other produce as fertilizer or irrigation, then this can spread resistant germs.
Steve Edmed (born 10 February 1968) is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer who played in the 1980s and 1990s.
He played for the Balmain Tigers and the North Queensland Cowboys.
He mostly played at prop but also played in the second-row.
The following year, Edmed started as prop in the 1989 grand final against Canberra where the tigers lost 19–14 in extra time.
Edmed stayed with Balmain up until the end of the 1995 season and then joined North Queensland for one season in 1996 at the height of the Super League war before retiring.
Edmed was reportedly paid $725,000 to join the North Queensland side which at the time was a substantial amount of money in rugby league for a player.
Zambia competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece, from 13 to 29 August 2004.
Joseph Trani (1538–1639) or Joseph di Trani was a Talmudist of the latter part of the 16th century who lived in Greece.
By contemporary scholars he was called Mahrimat (), and regarded as one of the foremost Talmudists of his time.
Today he is more widely known as Maharit (Hebrew: ).
He is the son of the Mabit.
He was the author of She'elot u-Teshubot (responsa), a work in three parts: part i comprises 152 responsa, together with a general index (Constantinople, 1641); part ii consists of 111 responsa in the order of the first three parts of the ritual codex (Venice, 1645); part iii contains responsa to the fourth part of the ritual codex, together with novellæ to the tractate Ḳiddushin, and supercommentaries on RaN's and Alfasi's commentaries on the tractates Ketubot and Ḳiddushin (ib.
1645).
The entire work appeared in Fürth in 1764.
Joseph also published novellæ to the treatises Shabbat, Ketubot, and Kiddushin (Sudzilkov, 1802), and the responsa which were embodied in Alfandari's Maggid me-Reshit (Constantinople, 1710).
He left several commentaries in manuscript on Alfasi, on Maimonides' Yad ha-Chazaka, and on R. Nathan's Aruk.
In 2008, Trani's burial site was discovered in Safed, near the grave of Rabbi Moshe Alshich.
Although the Maharit died and was buried in Constantinople, his sons later transferred his remains to Safed as he had requested so that he could be interred near his father, Moshe di Trani.
Elk Creek flows into the West Branch Delaware River by East Delhi, New York.
Tongjinpu Town () is an urban town  in Cili County, Zhangjiajie, Hunan Province, People's Republic of China.
A chain bridge () is a historic form of suspension bridge for which chains or eyebars were used instead of wire ropes to carry the bridge deck.
A famous example is the Széchenyi Chain Bridge in Budapest.
Construction types are, as for other suspension bridges, a stressed ribbon bridge (Spannbandbrücke),  a true suspension bridge ("Echte" Hängebrücke), and special forms, such as the Tower Bridge  and the Albert Bridge, London.
Chain bridges were the first bridges able to cross wider spans than the previous wooden and stone bridges, combined with shorter building times and at lower costs.
It served  mainly miners to enter the nearby mine.
It collapsed in 1802, and was replaced in 1830 by a suspension bridge with suspension chains.
A chain bridge was built in the 1780s and 1790s in the  Wörlitzer Park which crossed a canal between artificial rocks.
The light construction was intended to move, to create sensual sensations in the visitors of the park.
The Steinfurter Bagno park had a chain bridge from 1794.
In 1820, Samuel Brown opened the Union Bridge in Tweed at the Scottish-English border, which was the first suspension bridge in Europe suitable for carts.
It is the oldest such bridge still used for traffic.
Claude Navier published the first fundamental paper about suspension bridges in 1823.
The first chain bridge on the European continent was opened in 1824, the Kettensteg in Nuremberg.
A little later, the  crossing the Donaukanal in Vienna was opened for pedestrians and carriages.
In 1849, the Széchenyi Chain Bridge ober the Danube in Budapest was opened, designed by William Tierney Clark, spanning 200 m. The Empress Elisabeth Bridge over the Elbe at Tetschen (today: Děčín) was completed in 1855, and the same year the Nicholas Chain Bridge in Kiev, which spanned the Dnepr in four segments of 143 m each.
The Tower Bridge in London was opened in 1884, a unique combination of suspension bridge and drawbridge, and the Elisabeth Bridge in Budapest was opened in 1903, marking the peak of chain bridge building.
Later bridges of the type included the Kaiserbrücke in Breslau (today: Grunwaldbrücke in Wrocław) of 1910, and the Deutzer Hängebrücke, opened in 1915.
The Three Sisters were three similar bridges in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, built from 1924 to 1928 over the Allegheny River.
The Hercilio Luz Bridge in Brazil of 1926 had the longest span of all chain bridges ar 339,5 m. A similar bridge was built two years later, the Silver Bridge over the Ohio River.
It collapsed in 1967.
The last large chain bridges were the Reichsbrücke in Vienna (1937) and the Krymsky Bridge in Moscow (1938).
Glenea assamana is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
It was described by Stephan von Breuning in 1967.
Jason Shawn Alexander  or J. Alexander (born c. 1975) is a painter, illustrator and draftsman from Portland, Tennessee.
Alexander has produced illustrations for Dark Horse Comics, Warner Brothers, DC Comics, Hasbro, White Wolf, Inc, and Dalmatian Press.
His creator-owned Empty Zone was published for years by Sirius Entertainment.
He also contributed to Poison Elves: Lusiphur and Linlith, also for Sirius Entertainment.
Brad Martin, a contributing writer with Juxtapoz magazine, describes Alexander's fine art pieces thus: "His gritty, drippy, and dark style lends an ominous air, like a fresh grave, and the subject's poses humanize the whole thing."
Alexander's work can be seen at Corey Helford Gallery in Los Angeles and 101/exhibit in Miami and New York.
"The Outwin Boochever Portrait Competition 2009."
Washington, D.C.: Smithsonian National Portrait Gallery, 2009.
Accessed 1 September 2008.
Crows and Sparrows () is a 1949 Chinese film made by Kunlun Studios on the eve of the Communist victory and directed by Zheng Junli.
Notable for its extremely critical view of corrupt Nationalist bureaucrats, the film was made as Chiang Kai-shek's Nanjing-based government was on the verge of collapse, and was not actually released until after the Chinese Civil War had ended.
The film takes place in Shanghai, and it revolves around a group of tenants struggling to prevent themselves from being thrown out onto the street due to a corrupt party official’s attempts to sell their apartment building.
The film was the winner of the 1957 Huabiao Film Awards for the “Outstanding Film” category, and starred Zhao Dan, Sun Daolin, Wu Yin and Shangguan Yunzhu in leading roles.
Kuomintang government officials start to persecute the people more severely to keep their the original luxurious life.
At a Shanghai shikumen house, Mr. Hou, a former Hanjian (Section chief of the Kuomintang defense department) and now an opportunist KMT official, is planning to sell the house which he seized from the owner Kong Yuwen, and then about to fly to Taiwan.
His mistress, Yu Xiaoying or so-called Mrs. Hou, gives an ultimatum to the rest of the tenants to move out.
The house is tenanted by three families: Mr. Kong, a proofreader in a newspaper agency, whose son joined the New Fourth Army; Mr. and Mrs. Xiao, foreign goods vendors with their three kids, Da Mao, Er Mao and Little Mao; and a schoolteacher, Mr. Hua, his wife and their daughter Wei Wei.
When Mr. Xiao proposes they should band together, others disagree and want to find other ways out.
So Mr. Kong and Mr. Hua try to find a place to stay at their workplaces respectively, while Mr. and Mrs. Xiao hope to invest in black market gold in order to buy the house from Mr. Hou with three onces of gold.
However, things don’t go as they expected.
The employer is unwilling to provide Mr. Kong with accommodation.
Mr. Hua was arrested by KMT agents since he signed a protest letter over the school administration permitting for police to unjustly arrest its employees.
Mr. and Mrs. Xiao find their scheme of making rich go to nought after gold price rises sharply due to the government’s manipulation.
What’s worse, they’re beaten by the crowd who are also waiting to trade gold yuan notes for gold at central bank.
Meanwhile, desperate as she is, Mrs. Hua resorts to ask Mr. Hou for rescuing her husband out of jail, but Hou only wants to make her as his mistress.
Infuriated, Mrs. Hua rejects him and rushes home, while her daughter falls desperately ill. With generous help from Mr. Kong and Xiao Amei— Mrs. Hou’s kind-hearted maid— Wei Wei, Mr. and Mrs. Xiao fully recover from their illness and injuries.
The tenants finally decide not to move out in a showdown with Mr. Hou.
Soon, Hou receives a phone call, telling him that the defeated KMT is about to abandon its capital, Nanjing and retreat to Taiwan.
In the early morning, he and his mistress sneak out of the house and prepare to flee to Taiwan.
The KMT agents release Mr. Hua while his fellow teachers are executed.
As the remaining KMT members all run off from Mainland China, the tenants celebrate Chinese New Year in 1949, promising to improve themselves in the face of the coming new society.
As his son joined the New Fourth Army, he then was threatened by Hou Yibo, who forcibly occupied his house.
Mr. Xiao (nicknamed Little Broadcast)  A street vendor who volunteers to fight against Hou Yibo but failed.
He then mortgaged all of his valuable jewelry and western medicines to Hou Yibo so that he could invest in the gold speculation and make money out of it to buy himself a house.
However, Boss Xiao was wounded by gangsters and all of their collaterals from the mortgage were taken by Hou Yibo.
Hua Jiezhi    A high school teacher with a high opinion of himself but refused to lead a rebellion.
He planned to move to the school but was threatened by the Headmaster- a KMT spy, with ransom equivalent to one of the school dorms.
Hou Yibo  Chief of KMT defense department, took Kong Youwen’s house by force.
He then let his concubine Yu Xiaoying live on the second floor.
When he realized that the situation was getting worse, he planned to sell the house and make some money out of it.
Later when the KMT collapsed, he panicked and escaped with Xiaoying in a hurry without selling other properties he took by force before.
Yu Xiaoying (or Mrs. Hou)  A concubine of Hou Yibo.
Together with Hou Yibo, they massively defrauded and plundered people.
She then had to escape with Hou Yibo when the KMT regime collapsed.
The inspiration behind this film’s theme originated from a moment where several actors from Kunlun Film Company were having a meal, and talking about the difficulties of the concurrent situation- the conflict between the KMT and the CCP, and felt that there would be a great political change right away, and thus they decided to shoot a feature film to record the doomsday of the Kuomintang Party in the hope of a new future with a renewed Chinese society.
It is an allegorical work which uses metaphor and symbolism from the title alone throughout the whole film.
The “Crows” represent the corrupt officers and the oppressive power of the Kuomintang, while the “Sparrows” symbolize the commoners, namely the oppressed citizens of China suffering under the KMT’s iron grip.
The director used low angle shots to portray the Crows living upstairs as powerful dominators looming over the commoners, whilst also using high angle shots to convey the weakness and powerlessness of the Sparrows over their KMT overlords.
But eventually, the Crows were overthrown, and the apartment eventually returned to the hands of the Sparrows; the common folk of China.
The film underlines the co-implicating relationship between the oppressors and the oppressed by visualizing their simultaneous distance and proximity with respect to the usage of mise-en-scène, and literal physical distance.
Such proximity produces a kind of porosity that allows the Sparrows to monitor the Crows––thus, facilitating their subversion of the existing social hierarchyThe crow represents the corrupt officers and Kuomintang power and the sparrow symbolizes the commoners.
The director used low angle shot to shoot the “crow” living upstairs to show its power and high social status while using high angle shot indicating the powerless of the “sparrows”.
The film underlines the co-implicating relationship between the oppressing class and the oppressed class by visualizing their simultaneous distance and proximity.
Such proximity produces porosity that allows the sparrows to monitor the crows, thus, facilitating their subversion of social hierarchy.
Popular Cinema (Dazhong Dianying 大众电影), the leading film fan magazine, ran a nicely illustrated and friendly report that contained no hint of problems.
Xin Min Bao (新民报), a Shanghai news daily, published three reviews, all praising it”.
This film was produced nearly at the end of the Chinese Civil War and was showed on November 1st 1949 in China, which just in one month after Mao Zedong proclaimed the People’s Republic of China from atop Tiananmen.
The film gives viewers a window into Chinese society during the Chinese Civil War period, and a deeper insight on how people suffered as a result of the KMT’s oppressive rule and martial governance.
Between the years 1935 to 1949, China experienced a state of hyperinflation in which prices rose by more than a thousandfold, with even one occasion where the nation saw a dramatic inflation in currency in a single day in this period.
During that time, the Nationalists also were poorly mistreating Chinese citizens in Shanghai, and the film depicts how they went about strong-arming the local residents, and what happened after they knew that they were on the losing side of the war.
In the early months in 1948, people doubted whether the CCP were truly able to win the Civil War.
In 1949, the Kuomintang moved the gold and money they stored in the Bank of Shanghai to Taiwan, perhaps in preparation for their great exodus out of the mainland.
In the same year, nearing the end of the Chinese Civil War, people predicted that the Communist Party of China had better odds of winning the war.
With this in mind, the film was produced describing a story set in Shanghai in 1948––particularly the Nationalist-controlled regions of the city.
The film is produced during that time, and it described a story that happened in Shanghai in 1948, which is the area under the control of the Nationalist Government (KMT).
In the early months in 1948, people would not know whether the  CPC are able to win the  Civil War.
During that time, the nationalists are really doing tough on their people, and the film shows a story about how does a nationalist squeeze the people who live in the area that under his control and what happened after he knows that KMT are going to lose the war.
Under the governance of Kuomintang, China experienced a hyperinflation in which prices rose by more than a thousandfold between 1935 and 1949.
In 1949, Kuomintang moves gold and money they stored in the bank of shanghai to Taiwan.
The film gives us an idea of a society during the  Civil War and how people suffering from KMT’s political power.
Premier Zhou Enlai was quite dissatisfied with the results: "These people risked their lives and shot such a good movie.
How are they awarded the second prize?"
This was passed to Mao Zedong, who had also watched the film and agreed with Zhou’s opinion.
Then, the  Ministry of Culture re-awarded Crows and Sparrows with the first prize.
During this period, as Shanghai was still in control of the Nationalist Party, films and other cultural productions had to go through heavy censorship, often referred to as the “white terror”.
Therefore, Chen Baichen (陈白尘), the screenwriter, prepared two versions of the screenplay, and managed to use the self-censored version to pass the censor.
However, during the production, the hidden version was discovered by the censorship department and was compelled to stop as it “disturbed the social security and damaged government prestige” (“扰乱社会治安，破坏政府威信”).
The production had to go underground.
Until Shanghai’s liberation on May 27, 1949 was the production able to finish shooting during daytime.
In 1948, China’s political situation was unstable and the Communist Party and the KMT were fighting for the three major battles.
During dinner, they discussed the unstable social situation and foresaw that the situation would change greatly so they were preparing to shoot a feature film that records the doomsday of Kuomintang’s regime and expresses the hope of the filmmakers’ hope for the new world.
They also found several scriptwriters to talk over the night.
soon discussed the outline of the script, named it Crows and Sparrows, and let Chen Baichen write the script.
They also agreed to let Zheng Junli be the director, as he once co-directed with Spring River Flows East with Cai Chusheng.
The education building in the film was the real education department building of Shanghai (today’s Shanghai Central Plaza 中环广场).
This is a list of football games played by the South Korea national under-23 football team since 1991.
The Super-class ferries are 144-car (originally 160) class ferries operated by Washington State Ferries.
In addition, they can carry up to 2500 passengers.
The design of the Super Class Ferry was done in Seattle by W.C. Nickum and Sons, a Naval architectural firm, and the Washington State Ferries.
Funding for the Super Class ferry design and construction was made available by the United States Housing and Urban Development agency, and state and federal funds.
Once the design was complete, a low bid was accepted by National Steel and Shipbuilding company in San Diego, California, which constructed all four vessels over a period of two years.
Each vessel was to be rated at 20 knots top speed, which was relatively unheard of in large ferries at the time.
All four vessels in the class feature a split-level passenger deck and a vast sun deck with full access via sheltered outdoor stairwells at both ends of the vessel, indoor staircases via both passenger decks, and elevators which were later added to meet ADA requirements.
The first ferry to enter service, in 1967, was the M/V Hyak, which replaced the aging Kalakala on the Bremerton/Seattle run.
The new 20-knot speed enabled the 16-mile crossing to be made in 45 minutes, as opposed to an hour and fifteen minutes on the Kalakala which traveled at a maximum of 12 knots.
Second to enter service, on the Seattle/Bainbridge Island route was the M/V Kaleetan in 1968.
The last two were the Yakima (Bremerton/Seattle) and Elwha (Seattle/Bainbridge), which entered service later that year.
William John Huard  (born June 24, 1967) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player.
Huard moved to the United Kingdom in 2000 to play in the British Ice Hockey Superleague for the London Knights but left the team after playing just one game to return to Canada to be with his girlfriend who was seven months pregnant at the time.
One of Huard's sons, Colton, plays junior hockey for the Aberdeen Wings in the North American Hockey League.
Nirala, real name Syed Muzaffar Husain Zaidi () (8 August 1937 – 9 December 1990) was a Pakistani comedian and film actor.
He only appeared in Urdu films made in Pakistan.
His first film was Aur bhi gham hain (1960).
His last film was Choroan Ka Badshah, which was released in 1988.
His most successful film was Armaan in 1966, in which he played a supporting role with Waheed Murad.
Nirala was raised in India and then moved to Pakistan along with his family elders after the independence of Pakistan in 1947.
They settled in Karachi in a rented house located at Abyssinia Lines (now known as Shahrah-e-Faisal Road) in Karachi.
Syed Muzaffar Husain Zaidi was known for his jokes and gimmicks since his earlier days.
In the year 1959, he was invited to an entertainment program in Karachi.
At that event, he entertained the public with his comedy.
The audience was all praise for Muzaffar's one particular comedy, in which he acted as a professional pigeon caretaker.
That caretaker's entire life revolves around pigeons.
A year later, Syed Muzaffar Husain Zaidi took the professional name Nirala and debuted in the 1960 film Aur Bhi Gham Hain, producer, Danish Dairwee, director, A.H. Siddiqui.
In his debut movie, Nirala played the role of that same pigeon-lover, who was obsessed with pigeons.
Nirala's interest was to create laughter, and he was highly successful at it.
Besides working in the movies, Nirala performed comedy routines at private parties, social events and stage shows around the country.
In the 1970s, he married an Indian woman and had many children.
He continued his profession as a comedian until his death in 1990.
He was fond of chewing beetle leaf.
Excessive use of beetle leaf took its toll on his health, which deteriorated with the passage of time.
He died on 9 December 1990, in Karachi.
Lagrasse (Occitan: La Grassa) is a commune in the Aude department in the Occitanie region of Southern France.
In 2016, it had a population of 560.
Lagrasse is part of the Les Plus Beaux Villages de France ("The most beautiful villages of France") association.
It lies in the valley of the River Orbieu, at the foot of the Pyrenees.
Permission for the construction was given by Charlemagne in 783.
Antispila uenoi is a moth of the family Heliozelidae.
It was described by Kuroko in 1987.
It is found in Japan.
In 2018, the species was found from China.
The larvae feed on Vitis coignetiae and Vitis labruscana.
They mine the leaves of their host plant.
A navel piercing (also referred to as a belly button piercing or an umbilical dip piercing) is a type of piercing located through, in, or around, the navel.
It may heal quickly and with no risks, like an ear piercing, or may heal more like a surface piercing with the associated extended healing time.
Healing usually takes around 6-9 months, or even more and as long as it is cleaned, it will heal nicely.
Unlike most surface piercings, this is one of the few that do not normally reject, although the rejection rate is higher than non-surface piercings, such as ear piercing.
The actual navel is not pierced when a navel piercing is effected.
The most common form of navel piercing is through the upper rim of the navel.
It is worn by a lot of female celebrities including musicians such as Britney Spears, Janet Jackson, and Beyoncé.
The Egyptian Pharaohs believed the earring at the navel to be a sign of ritual transition from the life at the Earth to the eternity.
The history of navel piercing has been particularly misrepresented as many of the myths promulgated by Malloy in the pamphlet Body & Genital Piercing in Brieef continue to be reprinted.
For instance, according to Malloy's colleague Jim Ward, Malloy claimed navel piercing was popular among ancient Egyptian aristocrats and was depicted in Egyptian statuary, a claim that is widely repeated.
Other sources say that there are no records to support a historical practice for navel piercing.
The navel piercing is one of the most common body piercings today.
pop culture has played a large role in the promotion of this piercing.
The navel piercing first hit the mainstream when model Christy Turlington revealed her navel piercing at a fashion show in London in 1993.
The popularization of the piercing, however, is accredited to the 1993 Aerosmith music video for their song "Cryin'," wherein Alicia Silverstone has her navel pierced by body piercer Paul King.
The easy concealment of a navel piercing with clothing, even during the healing process, has contributed to the widespread adoption of this piercing.
Many new designs, such as the ancient Bali jewelry designs, have been added to everyday navel cultures.
Barbells remain the most common.
The world's first belly huggy was designed and patented by TummyToys navel rings.
Vogue fashion published an article in 2015 about the circular captive bead belly rings and TummyToys snap lock clasps becoming the current trend for navel piercings.
Most kinds of ring or bar jewelry can be worn in a navel piercing.
Navels are most often pierced with a 14g curved barbell, which is recommended to be worn until the piercing has fully healed, the healing time is typically anywhere between 6 - 12 months.
A wide variety of embellished jewelry is available for navels - simple curved barbells, captives, TummyToys belly huggies, flexible PTFE and fancy long length styles with dangling pendants.
Currently, real diamond and solid gold belly rings are also available in a wide range of styles.
Most kinds of ring or bar jewelry can be worn in a navel piercing, both for top and bottom piercings.
There has been a special standard established for navel barbells (also called "bananabells" or "bananabars", a reference to their curved shape).
The standard barbell is 1.6 mm (1/16") thick and 9.5 mm (3/8") or 11.1 mm (7/16") long and is most commonly referred to as a 14-gauge post.
The silver caps on the barbell post usually measure 5mm in diameter for the upper and 8mm in diameter for the lower.
Although navel bananabells are different from full rings, such as captive bead rings (CBRs), which can also be worn in navel piercings, internet body jewelry retailers and wholesalers tend to refer to these barbells as "belly rings".
A new version of navel jewelry is on the market for those without pierced navels, which is based on the idea of clip-on earrings.
Bacterial infections can result in cysts.
Scarring: Skin tissue rarely heals to match the surrounding tissue.
It heals in varying thickness, in different ways for different types of people, and forms different types of scarring for different kinds of 'damage'.
It is likely that any piercing worn for a significant time (months to years) will leave a scar if removed.
Rejection: Rejection is when the body senses a foreign objects and begins to push it out of the system.
This can happen even if the wearer takes very good care of the navel piercing.
There is no way to stop rejection as it is just the body's natural healing process.
If rejection occurs the jewelry should be removed as soon as possible to minimize the scarring.
Migration: Migration can happen when there is too much movement for the piercing to heal comfortably around the navel area.
The skin will push the barbell out a few millimetres, again, breaking the skin tissue in order to find a more comfortable place to allow the piercing to heal.
To avoid migration, make sure to avoid excessive movement with a fresh belly ring.
Dollaseite-(Ce) is a sorosilicate end-member epidote mineral and was discovered by Gajer (1927) in the Ostanmossa mine, Norberg district, Sweden, the mineral wrongly named "magnesium orthite" after Gajer himself was renamed after the structure refinement made to the mineral by Peacor and Dunn (1988) led to the proper classification.
The name dollaseite-(Ce) was chosen in honor of Wayne Dollase, who performed broad research on the epidote-group minerals.
The original confusion of the mineral's composition was because of a complex atomic composition where an exchange of cations leads to a form of dollaseite-(Ce) that at first glimpse resembles an Mg analogue of allanite, now known as dissakisite-(Ce).
Dollaseite-(Ce), although not very well known is part of a broad group of minerals, the epidote group which are primarily silicates, the most abundant type of minerals on earth.
Dollaseite-(Ce) forms as dark-brown subhedral crystals primarily in Swedish mines.
With the ideal chemical formula, CaREE3+Mg2AlSi3O11,(OH)F, dollaseite-(Ce) can be partially identified by its content of the rare earth element cerium.
The results give the empirical formula (Ca.91 Ce.45 La.20 Nd.20 Pr.09 Sm.08 Gd.06)(Mg1.81 Fe.25)Al.97 Si3.0(OH)1.25 F.88 O10.99 from which the standard formula is then derived after applying Levinson’s rules for renaming REE minerals.
Before any of these technological analyses were performed on dollaseite-(Ce) specimens, mistakes were made on the composition of the mineral.
After further analysis were made it was determined that dollaseite-(Ce) was not the magnesium analogue of allanite as originally believed by Gaijer and was renamed.
Geijer however, was not the only one to have had reported minerals with compositions that would be similar to a magnesium analogue of allanite.
Enami and Zang, Meyer, Hanson and Pearce also reported minerals that resembled the composition of a Mg analogue of allanite but none had sufficient data, or exact composition to be declared as a Mg analogue of allanite.
It was not until 1991 that Edward S. Grew established dissakisite as the actual Mg dominant allanite mineral with formula Ca(Ce,La)MgAl2Si3O12(OH).
The original confusion of the composition of this mineral when it was first discovered can be due to this exchange of cations and anions, an exchange which is not always complete and thus can resemble dissakisite-(Ce), the Mg  dominant allanite.
The average epidote-group mineral’s structure has chains of edge-sharing octahedral such as Al, Fe3+, Mn3+ which are represented in Figure 1.
The cavities that are formed by the octahedral chains that are occupied by A(1) and A(2) cations are occupied by Ca and its REE, Ce3+.
Like the rest of the members of the epidote group, the aluminum octahedral in dollaseite-(Ce) share edges, forming endless chains.
The type of dollaseite-(Ce) that can generally be found at this location tends to be iron-poor and occurs in tremolite skarn.
The fact that dollaseite-(Ce) can be prominently found in Sweden comes as no surprise since Sweden has been known to host many REE epidote-group minerals such as dissakisite-(Ce) and allanite-(Ce).
Another dollaseite-(Ce) specimen with composition slightly similar to that of dissakisite-(Ce) can be found in rock composed of fluorite and fluorian phlogopite.
Gordon "Scotty" Stirling (1928/1929 – November 11, 2015) was an American sports executive and a sportswriter.
He was a longtime executive and scout in the National Basketball Association (NBA), including 27 years with the Sacramento Kings.
In addition to roles with the Golden State Warriors and the New York Knicks, Stirling was the NBA's vice president of basketball operations.
Stirling began his career as a reporter with the Oakland Tribune.
He later became a general manager for the Oakland Raiders in the American Football League (AFL) and the Oakland Oaks in the American Basketball Association (ABA).
He was also the color analyst for Bill King on Raiders radio broadcasts.
Stirling is also credited with being one of the pioneers of fantasy football, helping to invent the concept in the 1960s.
He later regretted not copyrighting the idea.
The Geschwister-Scholl-Preis is a literary prize which is awarded annually by the Bavarian chapter of the Börsenverein des Deutschen Buchhandels and the city of Munich.
Every year, a book is honoured, which "shows intellectual independence and supports civil freedom, moral, intellectual and aesthetic courage and that gives an important impulse to the present awareness of responsibility".
The prize is named in memory and honor of Sophie and Hans Scholl, who are collectively referred to as the Geschwister Scholl ("Scholl siblings").
It is endowed with 10,000 euros and is presented at a ceremony at the Ludwig-Maximilians-Universität in Munich.
Auschwitz und die Grenzen der Erinnerung und der Vorstellungskraft.
(engl.
: Landscapes of the metropolis of death : reflections on memory and imagination.)
2012: Andreas Huckele v/o Jürgen Dehmers: Wie laut soll ich denn noch schreien?
Die Odenwaldschule und der sexuelle Missbrauch.
2011: Liao Yiwu: Für ein Lied und hundert Lieder.
Ein Zeugenbericht aus chinesischen Gefängnissen.
(engl.
: For a song and one hundred songs : a poet's journey through a Chinese prison.)
2010: Joachim Gauck: Winter im Sommer – Frühling im Herbst: Erinnerungen.
): Dachau Booklet No.
Dezful is a medium range ballistic missile (MRBM) developed by Iran and unveiled in February 2019.
The Iranian armed forces said that this missile has a range of 1000 kilometers (620 miles).
Brigadier General Amir Ali Hajizadeh said this is an upgrade on the older Zolfaghar model, that had a range of 700 kilometers.
Stylidium javanicum is a dicotyledonous plant that belongs to the genus Stylidium (family Stylidiaceae).
It is an erect annual plant that grows from 5 to 21 cm tall.
Obovate or elliptical leaves, about 10-30 per plant, are scattered along the stems.
The leaves are generally 1.7-4.5 mm long and 0.9-2.1 mm wide.
This species lacks a scape but has cymose inflorescences that are 5–9 cm long.
Flowers are pink or mauve.
S. javanicum is found in Java, east Sumba island, and from eastern New Guinea.
Its typical habitats are open boggy depressions and wet grassy fields at 20 to 500 metres above sea level.
It flowers in the southern hemisphere from April to May.
S. javanicum is most closely related to S. cordifolium, which has larger leaves, sepals, capsules, and seeds.
S. javanicum and S. cordifolium also differ in their distribution with S. cordifolium's range endemic to northern Australia.
Pedro Bernaldez de Sahagun (12th-century) was a medieval knight of Castile.
His wife was María Soares da Maia, daughter of Suero Mendez de Amaya.
Tango n' Vectif is the debut studio album by English electronic music producer Mike Paradinas under the stage name μ-Ziq.
It was released in November 1993 by Rephlex.
The cover photo of the original release was taken by Richard D. James.
Tango n' Vectif was re-released on 1 October 2001 as a double CD with additional tracks that were on the original vinyl and CD releases as well as the Phi 1700 single.
REDIRECT Jean-Philippe Rameau
Hakea acuminata is a shrub of the family Proteaceae native to Western Australia.
A restricted species bearing clusters of white flowers with a green or pinkish tinge in late autumn to winter.
Shiny rich green leaves have a yellow tinge at the base, are almost flat and partially whorled in the higher flowering branches.
Leaves are concave, narrowly oval to egg-shaped  long and   wide.
Leaves have one to three prominent longitudinal veins on both sides.
The inflorescence has 16 to 24 flowers appearing in racemes in leaf axils.
The perianth  is a cream-yellow and the style long and prominent.
The pistil  is  long.
Egg-shaped woody fruit grow singly or in pairs  long and  wide.
Fruit become corky as they age and have little or no beak.
Seed are blackish-brown, obliquely egg-shaped  long and  wide with a wing extending down both sides of body.
From May to October clusters of cream to pale yellow, ageing to pale pink blooms appear.
Grows  on undulating plains of shrub-mallee or heath in deep white sand or loamy soils over granite.
Poldhu is a small area in south Cornwall, England, UK, situated on the Lizard Peninsula; it comprises Poldhu Point and Poldhu Cove.
Poldhu means "black pool" in Cornish.
Poldhu lies on the coast of Mount's Bay and is in the northern part of the parish of Mullion; the churchtown is  to the south-east.
On the north side of Poldhu Cove is the parish of Gunwalloe and the village of Porthleven is a further  to the north.
Poldhu Point became the site of one of the main technological advances of the early twentieth century when, on 12 December 1901, a wireless signal was sent by Thomas Barron in Poldhu to St John’s, Newfoundland, and received by Marconi.
The technology was a precursor to radio, television, satellites and the internet, with the earth station at Goonhilly Downs a nearby example.
In January 2016 Poldhu Cove was inundated with thousands of pink plastic bottles, brought onto the beach with successive tides.
The National Trust said it believed a container had gone overboard from a ship, during the stormy weather.
Marconi received the transmission on Signal Hill, St. John's, Newfoundland.
The station was built partly on cliff top pastures that had been enclosed in 1871 and partly on medieval fields belonging to a nearby settlement, Angrouse.
The fifty acre (200,000 m²) plot was bought in 1900 and building work ran from October 1900 to January 1901.
During the work two Bronze Age barrows were flattened and a bronze dagger and urn were recovered.
To design the spark transmitter, the first high power radio transmitter in the world, Marconi hired Prof. John Ambrose Fleming, University College, London.
The original twenty mast circular aerial was destroyed in a storm on 17 September 1901.
Marconi hastily built a temporary aerial of 50 wires suspended in a fan shape from a cable between two 200 foot (61 m) masts.
Fleming estimated the transmitter's radiated power was around 10 - 12 kW.
The frequency used is not known precisely, as Marconi did not measure wavelength or frequency, but it was between 166 and 984 kHz, probably around 500 kHz.
After the experiment the original mast layout was not rebuilt, it was replaced with a four mast design, 215 feet (66 m) high and forming a 200-foot (61 m) square.
Marconi later used the site for his shortwave experiments, with transmissions by Charles Samuel Franklin to Marconi on the yacht Elettra in the Cape Verde Islands in 1923 and in Beirut in 1924.
The groundbreaking results of these experiments took the world by surprise and quickly resulted in his development of the Beam Wireless Service for the British General Post Office.
The service opened from the Bodmin Beam Station to Canada on 25 October 1926, from the Tetney Beam Station to Australia on 8 April 1927, from the Bodmin Beam Station to South Africa on 5 July 1927, to India on 6 September 1927 and shortly afterwards to Argentina, Brazil and the United States.
The station closed in 1934 and was demolished in 1937.
Six acres (24,000 m²) were given to the National Trust in 1937 with the rest of the site added in 1960.
The site has a stone monument pillar, erected in November 1937 by the Marconi Company, and a number of concrete foundations and earth structures also remain.
In 2001 the Marconi Centre, a new museum/meeting building, was opened close to the site by the efforts of the Poldhu Amateur Radio Club, the National Trust and Marconi plc.
The substantial building near the site, originally the Poldhu Hotel, built in 1899, is currently a care home.
The visitors' book shows that Marconi stayed there in May and August, 1901.
Marconi also built an earlier, smaller, experimental wireless station nearby at Housel Bay – The Lizard Wireless Station.
William Henry Corbett (July 6, 1847 – November 25, 1941) was a farmer and political figure in Manitoba.
He represented Springfield from 1903 to 1907 in the Legislative Assembly of Manitoba as a Conservative.
He settled in Springfield and served as reeve for the Rural Municipality of Springfield for 14 years.
Corbett married Jennie Wright.
Ray Sherman (November 27, 1951) is an American football coach with more than four decades of coaching at the college and professional levels.
In 1974, he took a job as graduate assistant for San Jose State.
After leaving San Jose State following that season, Sherman remained a coach at the college level through 1987, working for five additional schools; this includes two stints at California.
After one more year in Houston, during which he was a wide receivers coach, he took an assistant head coaching position with the Atlanta Falcons in 1990.
Sherman then went to the San Francisco 49ers the next season, staying there through 1993; he coached running backs in 1991 and wide receivers the following two seasons.
The Minnesota Vikings hired Sherman as quarterbacks coach in 1995, and he spent three seasons with the team.
In 1998 and 1999, Sherman served as offensive coordinator of the Pittsburgh Steelers and Vikings, respectively.
He was the wide receivers coach of the Green Bay Packers from 2000 to 2004, and held the same position with the Tennessee Titans in 2005 and 2006.
The Dallas Cowboys hired him as wide receivers coach in 2007.
In January 2010, Sherman was considered for a head coaching position with the Oakland Raiders.
In January 2011, Sherman interviewed for the head coaching position of the Dallas Cowboys to satisfy the Rooney Rule, and it was thought that he might be offered the offensive coordinator job with the team.
It was announced that Sherman will not return to the Cowboys for the 2011 season.
In 2019, Sherman served as the Steelers interim wide receivers coach for the season following the death of the incumbent coach Darryl Drake that August.
Ole Andreas Krogness (23 May 1886 – 28 May 1934) was a Norwegian physicist.
He worked for the establishment of a geophysical institute in Tromsø, and served as the institute's manager from 1918 to 1922.
He was instrumental in many geophysical accomplishments in northern Norway in the early 20th century.
On the paternal side he was a grandson of businessperson and politician Ole Andreas Krogness, and on the maternal side he was a great-grandson of Ole Andreas Lindeman and a nephew of Anna Lindeman and Hans Thorvald Lindeman.
He took the examen artium in 1904, and graduated from the Royal Frederick University with the cand.real.
degree in 1912.
From 1908 he worked as an assistant of Kristian Birkeland.
In June 1912 in Kristiania he married Dagny Vegerd Guldberg (1887–1978), and became a son-in-law of physician Carl Johan Guldberg.
His daughter Synnøve, born 1915, married economist Leif Holbæk-Hanssen.
He also lived there with his family, and from 1915 he had company by fellow researcher Olaf Devik.
The two successfully suggested the establishment of a geophysical institute in Tromsø; both moved there to work in 1918.
Krogness was the institute's manager from 1918 to 1922.
Their work culminated in the establishment of "Værvarslinga for Nord-Norge", the weather forecast of Northern Norway, in 1922.
Krogness also founded the magnetical observatory at Dombås in 1916, and in Tromsø Museum he was a board member from 1919 to 1923 and chairman from 1923 to 1928.
He co-founded the nationwide Norsk Geofysisk Forening and chaired it from 1927 to 1928, and also founded the local branch of the Norwegian Polytechnic Society in Tromsø.
He also co-founded the Komiteen for de Vitenskapelige Institusjoner i Tromsø, which proposed the establishment of a  university in Northern Norway (the University of Tromsø opened in 1972).
From 1928 he was a professor in terrestrial magnetism and physical cosmology at Bergen Museum.
He died in May 1934 in Fana.
He was decorated with the Légion d'honneur and the Order of the Crown of Italy.
In 1937 a stone monument to him was unveiled at Nesttun Church, and a road in Tromsø has been named after him.
This list of administrative communes consists of articles about the governmental divisions known as communes, as well as lists of communes.
: kommune).
Kommuner were introduced in the Danish constitution in 1849 in order to administer aid to the poor, provide education and later on to handle tax collection.
The system has been revised many times throughout history, most recently in 2007, where the number of kommuner was reduced from 270 to 98.
Gregory Allen Cater (born April 17, 1957) is an American former professional football punter who played in the National Football League (NFL) for the Buffalo Bills and St. Louis Cardinals, appearing in a total of 77 career games.
Kellem or Kellems is a surname.
The Lake Eacham rainbowfish (Melanotaenia eachamensis) is a species of rainbowfish in the subfamily Melanotaeniidae which was thought to be endemic to Yidyam (Lake Eacham), Queensland, Australia but has proven to have a wider range.
The species was rediscovered in the private collections of aquarists and has also been found to have a wider distribution in the Barron and Johnstone River systems.
It is listed as Endangered on the IUCN Red List and on the EPBC Act 1999.
This species is found in small creeks and crater lakes, congregating along the shallow margins among aquatic vegetation, fallen logs or branches.
(1982).
Rainbowfishes of Australia and Papua New Guinea.
Angus & Robertson, Australia.
ʿAlam-Kūh (; also: Alam Kooh) – Mount Alam – is a mountain in Alborz mountain range in north of Iran, Mazandaran Province, forming a peak of Takht-e Suleyman Massif.
It is located in Kelardasht District of Mazandaran Province of Iran.
With an elevation of 4,850 meters it is the second highest peak in Iran after Mount Damavand.
Douglas Busk, a British mountaineer,  climbed Alam-Kuh via the east ridge in 1933 and again in 1934 from over the west ridge.
The 800 m high, steep granite north face provides some of the most difficult and interesting mountaineering routes in the country and the climbs rank alongside major climbing routes in the European Alps.
In addition to local climbers, the north face attracts European climbing teams.
The first known ascent from the north was by a German party (Gorter/Steinauer) in 1936 via the northwest ridge.
Subsequently, French and Polish teams established other routes on the north face during the 1960s and 1970, these being multi-day routes of high alpine standard.
A British team followed with a successful ascent in 1978.
The first winter ascent of the north face was made by Mohammad Nouri in 1991.
The mountain was closed to climbers for some months because the hazard of rockfall and loose cables.
Although the southern slopes of the range tend to be dry and barren, the northern valleys leading to the Caspian Sea (which offer the best approaches to the mountains) are wet and lush with vegetation.
Penn Square Mall is a two-story,  regional shopping mall in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, United States.
It is located at the intersection of Pennsylvania Avenue and NW Expressway, near Interstate 44.
The mall's anchor stores consist of J. C. Penney, Macy's, and two separate Dillard's stores.
Simon Property Group, who manages the mall, owns 94.5% of it.
Brown  and Montgomery Ward.
After the opening of regional enclosed malls such as Quail Springs Mall and Crossroads Mall, the center was enclosed in 1982 and renovated in 1988 to include a second level and food court at a cost of $100 million.
A multi-story parking structure was added and the mall further expanded in 1995, and the mall renovated once again in 2000.
John A.
Brown was sold to Dillard's in 1984.
In 2001, Dillard's expanded its presence following the closure of the Montgomery Ward store by operating a second location out of the space that Montgomery Ward vacated.
Kurudere  is a small village in the Mersin Province, Turkey.
It's part of Toroslar district (which is an intracity district within Greater Mersin).
It is situated in the  Toros Mountains.
It is situated on the road connecting Mersin to Arslanköy municipality.
The distance to Mersin is .
The population of Kurudere was only 75  as of 2012.
The Polish Infantry Regiment during World War 2 (in Polish Pulk Piechoty) comprised on average some 2,900 men and 60 officers organised around 3 rifle battalions armed with the Mauser 98k 7.92mm bolt-action rifle.
Each 19-man squad was also issued the RKM wz.28 light machine gun.
Other regimental weapons included the Polish version of the French Model 1897 75-mm field gun, the Wz.
35 anti-tank rifle, the Ckm wz.30 heavy machine gun, the wz.31 81 mm mortar, and the wz.36 46mm light mortar/grenade launcher.
The Claudia Quintet is an "eclectic post-jazz" ensemble formed by drummer and composer John Hollenbeck.
{{cquote|Between sets on the Refuseniks''' first gig, we met an attractive, bubbly, enthusiastic young lady named Claudia who rambled on incessantly about how "she was going to make this a regular thing" (coming to our regular gig), "she was going to invite and tell all of her friends", blah, blah, blah.
When she was done captivating us (or at least me) with her good intentions, Reuben and I sauntered up to our instruments for the next set.
He softly whispered, "She's never coming back".
I was shocked, "What do you mean?
She said…" Reuben answered, "Trust me, she's never coming back."
Reuben proved to be more experienced in this department; we never saw Claudia again.
Amongst the trio, we tried to continue this relationship with Claudia with casual remarks, such as "Hey, I saw Claudia on the street, she says hi," or "Claudia left me a message that she is definitely coming by next week."
As time passed, our imaginations continued to recreate Claudia's life.
Claudia, according to me, eventually became pregnant and moved to New Jersey with her dot.com entrepreneur boyfriend.
I chose to name this group The Claudia Quintet.
I wanted the band to maintain a female quality.
I noticed ships were historically named after women, so why not a musical group?
I wanted to lose myself in the group-emphasizing the ensemble (this didn’t pan out, since the media and the music biz has taken to calling us John Hollenbeck's Claudia Quintet.)
I wanted this group to be able to play completely notated "new music" as well as jazz-based, improv-based, etc.
- so I was emulating the common name format of chamber ensembles (i.e.
is a fictional character from the Tekken fighting game series released by Namco Bandai Games.
Bosconovitch was introduced in Tekken 3, in which he is one of the three playable bonus characters (Gon and Tiger Jackson being the other two), and has returned in Tekken Card Challenge and Tekken Tag Tournament 2.
Despite being playable in only Tekken 3, TCC and TTT2 so far, he appears in almost every game.
Bosconovitch is a former Soviet scientist involved in cloning and is the one responsible for the creation the Jack androids.
He is also responsible for the creation of the android Alisa Bosconovitch, whom he created in the image of his deceased daughter.
During the first Tekken, the Manji ninja clan (led by Yoshimitsu) raided the Mishima Zaibatsu's vault.
During the raid, Yoshimitsu lost his arm and was found by Bosconovitch who helped him escape and fitted him with a mechanical arm.
Dr. Bosconovitch was kidnapped by Kazuya Mishima in the run-up to The King of Iron Fist Tournament 2 and was forced to work for him.
Some of the many projects involved the creation of the bio-weapons Roger and Alex, as well as the completion of the Prototype Jack unit.
He began the "Cold Sleep" project as a means of preserving his daughter's body (who seemingly died) by using Nina Williams and Anna Williams as test subjects.
After completing his tasks, and before being executed, Doctor Bosconovitch is rescued by the friend he helped save previously, Yoshimitsu.
Nineteen years later, he contracted a rare disease that affects the spine as a result of working on his Cold Sleep project.
In order to cure himself and to revive his daughter, he needed the blood of the fighting god, Ogre.
He turned to an old friend, Yoshimitsu, for help.
Yoshimitsu entered the King of Iron Fist Tournament 3 and was successful in obtaining a sample of Ogre's blood after Jin Kazama had killed it.
Dr. Bosconovitch appears in Bryan Fury's Tekken 4 ending.
In it, he explains to Bryan that he will now mechanize him and allow him to be completely reborn in a new incarnation.
Bryan lays supine on the table and Bosconovitch holds a gun-shaped device containing sleeping gas.
Bidding him sweet dreams, he injects the gas into Bryan.
Throughout, he speaks in a calm and gentle tone.
However, the doctor found Bryan's body too complex, and he instead installed a perpetual generator.
Bryan proceeded to attack the doctor, as well as Manji Clan members who were with him.
While the members were slain, Bosconovitch survived, though he was severely injured.
In Tekken 6, he creates an android in his daughter's image, Alisa Bosconovitch.
Dr. Bosconovitch appears in Tekken Tag Tournament'''s  mini game Tekken Bowl mode, where he can be seen in the crowd of people cheering.
It is even possible to "take him out" using a bowling ball.
He also appears in Tekken Hybrid where he returns again as an onlooker in the crowd of Tekken Bowl (there is also a trophy named after him called "Doctor B!"
with the description being "K.O.
an onlooker in Tekken Bowl" with an icon of Bryan as the picture).
He returns in Tekken Tag Tournament 2 as part of a free update.
Although he does not appear in person in Death by Degrees, Nina Williams' spin-off game, he is mentioned several times in journals and documents, and he has a laboratory on the Solitaria Penitentiary island, although it's abandoned.
Dr. Bosconovitch was mentioned by several Tekken characters in Capcom-made crossover fighting game Street Fighter X Tekken.
Dr. Bosconovitch is featured in Tekken: The Motion Picture.
Lei Wulong, Jane, and Jack-2 visit him in his science lab.
Jack-2 needs his help because Jane is ill.
When the destruction button is hit by Lee Chaolan, Dr. Bosconovitch, Lei, Jane and Jack-2 escaped.
Unfortunately, Jack-2's torso is crushed by a door.
Doctor Bosconovitch and Lei promised to look after Jane for Jack-2.
Though Dr. Bosconovitch doesn't appear in Tekken: Blood Vengeance, he is mentioned by Alisa who wants to search for him as part of her program.
He wears white mantle, blue shirt, orange tie, green pants and brown shoes.
His Player 2 Costume is the same as Yoshimitsu's Tekken 3 Player 1 Costume, with a gold and blue color scheme and without the mask.
However, coming from Russia, his strikes are patterned after Systema.
Many of Dr. Bosconovitch's moves are taken from other characters in the Tekken series (such as Lei, Heihachi, Yoshimitsu, Jack, Ling Xiaoyu and others).
Some moves have been slightly altered to fit his frail state and habit of falling down.
Because he suffers from scoliosis, a disease that affects his spine, Bosconovitch will usually fall to the ground after performing a move unless "f" is pressed after performing it.
In fact, in one of Bosconovitch's pre-fight animations (which mimics Kuma/Panda's "stretching" one), he falls to the ground after performing it.
In Tekken Tag Tournament 2, Doctor Bosconovitch is seen using crazy and weird tactics and inventions, such as electricity and fire, as his fighting style.
Bomb detonations accompany many of his stronger moves.
Unlike in Tekken 3, Bosconovitch now has the abilities to run, jump, and stand up properly.
His main stances are "Mad Pain", "Panic Doctor", "The Zen" and "Electric Charge".
He no longer suffers from falling after the majority of his moves, though he can immediately drop to the ground with "Trick Fall" and "Surprise Tumble" and a good deal of his moves still end with him lying flat on his back or stomach.
In a GamesRadar article by Michael Grimm, a fight between Dr. Bosconovitch and Dan was written as one of the ones players wanted to see in Street Fighter X Tekken, commenting "While Dan’s fighting style revolves primarily around taunting and being a goof, Dr. Boskonovitch’s fighting style is primarily composed of falling down or frantically hurling his body at the opponent.
They're a perfect match."
GamesRadar also placed his Dr. Bosconovitch's name as the "gaming’s most difficult-to-pronounce name".
Complex placed his spending on the ground in their 2012 list of the craziest moments in the Tekken'' series, commenting: "Besides the fact that he’s one of the most hardcore Tekken characters ever, he’s also one of the clumsiest, as he spends half the match either on his back or on his face".
4thletter placed Dr. Bosconovitch's Tekken Tag Tournament 2 ending at 178th place in their list "The Top 200 Fighting Game Endings".
Lazygamer ranked Dr. Bosconovitch as the "5th strangest hidden fighting game character", adding: "Dead mice have better defences than Dr Bosconovitch, a character who exists solely to appease those fans who are still pissed off that Stephen Hawking: World Warrior, isn’t a game yet."
In the official poll by Namco, Dr. Boscnovitch ranked as the 21st most requested Tekken character to be playable in Tekken X Street Fighter, at 6.40% of votes.
East High School, usually referred to simply as East, is a secondary school located in Des Moines, Iowa, United States.
East is the largest high school in the state in population with over 2,400 students.
East is the oldest high school in the Des Moines metro and is part of the Des Moines Public Schools district.
A new student center was added in 1955, with a new gymnasium, band and tech rooms, and a new cafeteria (which has since been replaced).
The South Wing, which houses the school's library, was built in 1968, and the North Wing addition followed in 1973.
A renovation of this building was completed on January 4, 2006.
There is ample grass-covered recreation space, as well as parking, to the west and north of the main building.
There is an annex a block away from the main campus.
Four stories high, the first floor houses Special Education, Speech, Foreign Language, and Home Economics classes.
The second floor is home to the auditorium, counselours offices, and History and Drama classes.
The third floor houses general English and Math classes.
The fourth floor holds the art rooms and Special Education classes.
Before a 2005 renovation, these floors were known as the basement, 1st, 2nd, and 3rd floors.
East Wing (1955).
Home to the main gymasium, the weight room, and Technology Education classes.
North Wing (1968).
The second floor holds Mathematics classrooms and counseling offices, and the third floor is Economics and Computer Sciences.
No first floor.
South Wing (1973, renovated 2003).
The first two floors are occupied by the East High Library, while English classrooms take up the whole of the third floor.
Connector Building (2005).
The first floor, also known as the student center, houses offices and the cafeteria.
The second floor is home to more History classes, while all the schools' Science classes are on the third floor.
Performing Arts Wing (2006).
The newest building, home to Band and Orchestra rooms and an auxiliary gymnasium that also serves as a community center as well.
Walker Building Annex.
Beginning in the 2008-2009 school year, all freshmen classes were moved to the Walker Annex, located one block away from the main campus.
Freshmen attend physical education, chorus, band, and orchestra classes on the main campus, but attend their basic science, math, English, and history courses in the Walker building.
However beginning in 2012, freshman classes were switched back in the main building.
The Walker Annex is now used for students with academic and attendance problems.
65.8% of the student body is White (European-American) descent (down from 66.7% in the 2004-2005 school year).
The leading ethnic group by enrollment is that of African-American (Black) descent, and they are followed by Latino, Asian, and Indian (Native American or Alaskan Native).
There are four lunches, over the period of two and one half hours.
Students can earn an extra half of an hour of lunch for demonstrating proficiency on the Iowa Assessments.
The school district requires that students take a number of core academic courses, if they wish to graduate and receive a diploma.
This includes Social Studies, English, Mathematics, Science, Art, and Physical Education.
The amount of academic credit needed to satisfy graduation requirements is determined by the school district.
All students are required by the district to enroll in four subject courses and a Physical Education course.
However, the school compels Freshman and Sophomore students to schedule a full day of classes, to ensure satisfaction with district graduation requirements.
Seniors have the option of having an "open period" during the first or last period of the school day.
However, Juniors require parental permission to have an open period.
The district requires 2 semesters of Physical Education.
Freshmen and Sophomores usually take their P.E.
courses at the school.
Juniors and Seniors have the option of taking alternative P.E.
programs.
Boys' Cross Country Team State Championships: 1937 1A, 1941 1A, 1942 1A, 1943 1A, 1949 2A.
Boys' Cross Country Individual State Champions: 1935 and 1936 Vernon "Mike" Davis, 1937 1A Carl Gustafson, 1A 1942 Martin Grandquist, 1943 1A Vance Walters, 1944 and 1945 1A Paul Sloan, 1949 and 1950 2A Don Murray, 1959 3A Clark Betts, 1988 4A Kurt Lightner.
Boys' Golf State Champions 1928.
Runners-up in 1929 and 1931.
Boys' Tennis Doubles State Runners-up: 1930, 1931, 1938, 1940.
Mike Augustine, Iowa Association of Track Coaches Hall of Fame inductee.
Dick Eisenlauer, Iowa Association of Track Coaches Hall of Fame Inductee.
Appearances on TV shows including Baywatch, The West Wing, The Sopranos and Boston Public.
Lorri Bauman, Class of 1980, first Women's NCAA Basketball player to score 3,000 points.
One of five NCAA women basketball players to reach that milestone.
Inducted into the Iowa Girls High School Athletic Union Basketball Hall of Fame.
Stephen Kline, artist, photographer, and designer of the $10,000,000 Florida State of the Arts License Plate.
Recent works include his new Lines of Language technique, creating drawings from words.
Early works include the 1961 Quill cover.
Dichomeris adactella is a moth in the family Gelechiidae.
It was described by Francis Walker in 1864.
It is found in Australia.
Adults are cupreous with white forewings with an interrupted and abbreviated cupreous-white speckled costal stripe.
The apical area is cupreous.
The hindwings are whitish cinereous (ash grey) towards the base.
Western is a station on the 'L' system, serving the Blue Line's Forest Park branch.
It serves the Near West Side neighborhood and Crane Tech High School.
The station is also located about  north of the Western Avenue (Metra BNSF Railway Line) commuter railroad station.
Euxoa violaris, the violet dart moth, is a species of moth native to North America.
It is listed as a species of special concern in the US state of Connecticut.
It was described by Augustus Radcliffe Grote and Coleman Townsend Robinson in 1868.
Owen Philip Hawley (August 29, 1930 – July 31, 2006) and Ralph Lietz Schroeder (February 18, 1920 – October 26, 1976) were longlife partners living in Marietta, Ohio.
Hawley grew up in Kenosha, Wisconsin.
In 1952 he graduated from St. Olaf College, A.B.
in 1952, where he was part of the Phi Beta Kappa.
He majored in English, History, and French.
He later became a Danforth Graduate Fellow and obtained an A.M. in 1954 from Harvard University in History and English.In the summer of 1951 he attended the Summer School Abroad in London, England, organized by the University of Minnesota.
In the 1950s he was instructor in English at Union College, Barbourville, Kentucky, and lived in the Campus.
In 1964 he took a position at Marietta College and became professor emeritus.
He retired in 1990.
Hawley was a volunteer of the Washington County Historical Association and Washington County Public Library.
Among his researches those about Ralph Waldo Emerson, Walt Whitman, and Vachel Lindsay.
In 1967 Hawley published "Orient pearls at random strung: Mr. Emerson comes to Marietta".
In 1985 he published "Phi Beta Kappa Gamma of Ohio, Marietta College, 1860-1985: 125th anniversary history and directory" and in 1967 "Of no mean reputation: Charles Sullivan".
In 1962 Schroeder published "Where a lad is: an account of Vachel Lindsay".
In 1973 he published "The history-go-round".
In 1976, the same year of his death, Schroeder published "History of Washington County, Ohio: with illustrations and biographical sketches".
In 1996 Hawley published a study of the Mound Cemetery at Marietta (where he is now buried).
Owen Hawley and Ralph Schroeder are buried together at Mound Cemetery (Marietta, Ohio).
The 20th Massachusetts Volunteer Infantry, also known as the "Harvard Regiment", was a regiment of infantry in the American Civil War.
The regiment was so nicknamed because the officers of the 20th were young Harvard graduates.
In addition some, but not all, the private soldiers had attended Harvard.
The 20th was organized at Camp Meigs in Readville, August 29 to September 4, 1861.
After training they left Massachusetts for Washington, D. C., September 4.
They would fight until the war's conclusion; being mustered out on July 16 and discharged July 28, 1865.
Lander's Brigade, Stone's (Sedgwick's) Division, Army of the Potomac, to March, 1862.
3rd Brigade, 2nd Division, 2nd Army Corps, Army of the Potomac, to March, 1864.
1st Brigade, 2nd Division, 2nd Army Corps, to July, 1865.
Their baptism of fire occurred at Ball's Bluff on October 21, 1861.
Other battles included the Seven Days, Antietam, Fredericksburg, Chancellorsville, Gettysburg,  the Wilderness, Spotsylvania Court House the Siege of Petersburg and the Appomattox Campaign.
One officer and 148 enlisted men by disease.
Total casualties were 409.
The regiment ranks first among Massachusetts regiments and fifth among Union regiments in total casualties.
Ventola is a surname.
Asmadere is a village in the District of Beşiri, Batman Province, Turkey.
As of 2011, it had a population of 517  people.
The 1941 Atlantic hurricane season was the period during 1941 in which tropical cyclones formed in the Atlantic Basin.
It was a relatively inactive hurricane season, with only six known storms.
It officially began on June 16, 1941, and lasted until November 1, 1941.
These dates delimit the period of each year when most tropical cyclones tend to form in the Atlantic basin.
Of the six cyclones, four attained hurricane status, and three became major hurricanes.
The active season had an abnormally late start; the first system formed on September 11, nearly three months after the official beginning date.
The season was also short-lived, as all six storms developed in rapid succession.
On September 23, three hurricanes existed simultaneously in the Atlantic basin.
In total, the season resulted in about 63 fatalities and over $10 million in damages.
The first and last storms of the season were largely insignificant, although the second, fourth, and fifth storms had considerable effects.
Two hurricanes struck the United States: a major hurricane that struck Texas and Louisiana in late September, disrupting the Louisiana Maneuvers, and Hurricane Five, which made two landfalls in Florida, the first of which was near Miami at Category 2 intensity, inflicting widespread damage.
Another major storm—Hurricane Four—traversed the Caribbean before striking the Nicaragua–Honduras border at Category 4 intensity, leaving 47 men dead at sea.
This was an abnormally late start to an Atlantic hurricane season: only on two other occasions between 1887 and 1941 had no storms developed prior to September 11.
The storm moved slowly in a generally westward direction for the next few days, peaking as a moderate tropical storm with winds of 45 mph (75 km/h).
It then weakened until it made landfall along the northern Texas coast between Galveston and Port Arthur as a tropical depression, where it caused only minor damage.
Near 0600 UTC on September 16, the storm deteriorated into a depression, and dissipated a few hours later.
The storm briefly disrupted aerial activities in the Louisiana Maneuvers, but was of limited consequence as it weakened before moving inland.
Upon forming, the system began moving generally northward.
Early on September 18, the system developed into a tropical storm more than  to the south-southeast of New Orleans, Louisiana.
Over the next three days, the intensifying storm executed a gradual clockwise loop, moving to the south-southeast before turning back to the west.
After intensifying to a Category 1 hurricane on September 21, the storm began assuming a more northwestward course, toward the Texas Gulf Coast.
It continued to strengthen into a major hurricane, peaking at  late on September 23.
About four hours later, at about 22 UTC, the storm went ashore east of Bay City, Texas, on September 23.
The estimated minimum central pressure fell to as low as .
It curved towards the northeast, passing just east of Houston, and accelerated as it continued to move inland.
The cyclone transitioned into an extratropical storm on September 25, and was last recorded at 00 UTC on September 27 over northeastern Quebec, near the Torngat Mountains National Park.
Warnings and advisories declared in response to the storm were widely distributed, and approximately 25,000 people in the area evacuated their homes.
Officials completed various precautionary measures.
Wind gusts along the coast reached up to , and high storm tides were recorded.
The hurricane inflicted severe damage; destruction to property was worth an estimated $2 million, with an additional $5 million in damage to crops, notably rice and cotton.
Overall, the cyclone killed four people.
The hurricane affected the southern Louisiana region one week before the Louisiana Maneuvers, a prelude to World War II.
Heavy rainfall triggered flooding and swelled rivers, and army vehicles became stuck in the mud as a result.
The inclement weather forced hundreds of military aircraft to move inland for shelter.
It is estimated that a tropical storm had formed at around this time.
The cyclone began to intensify as it briefly moved northeastward, before abruptly executing an eastward turn.
It attained Category 1 hurricane status on September 19, and completed a clockwise loop the next day.
It then tracked northwestward toward North Carolina, but began to recurve away from land late on September 22.
It weakened into a tropical storm shortly afterward.
The system dissipated on September 25 to the south of Nova Scotia.
The storm had little or no effect on land, but caused significant delays for North Atlantic shipping.
One vessel en route from Curaçao to New York encountered the storm on two separate occasions, recording Force 8 winds on the Beaufort scale both times.
It is estimated that it developed into a tropical storm shortly thereafter.
Tracking westward, it passed just south of St. Lucia and emerged into the Caribbean Sea.
By September 25, the storm had reached hurricane strength.
Still intensifying, the storm continued generally westward and reached its peak at Category 4 on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale.
By late September 27, the hurricane was situated near Cape Gracias a Dios, Honduras, and accelerated as it moved across the northernmost stretch of the country.
It maintained hurricane intensity despite moving over mountainous terrain.
After briefly entering the Gulf of Honduras, it moved ashore again in Belize, with winds of up to .
Gradually weakening, the storm continued inland and weakened to a tropical storm by September 29.
The storm emerged over the Bay of Campeche as a tropical depression and dissipated on September 30 while over water.
Approximately 47 lives were lost at sea due to the hurricane.
The SS Ethel Sakel displayed a "sinking" message on September 25, about  north of Aruba; she later went down with 20 of her 33 crew members.
Two other ships sent out distress signals, one of which capsized, all hands lost.
Damage on land was also extensive, and three people drowned at Cape Gracias, which was largely destroyed by the storm.
Coastal flooding in the town was severe.
Inland, a ship encountered the calm eye of the cyclone, and the barometric pressure aboard fell to ; the actual pressure at the coast was believed to have been far lower.
In Belize, forests sustained major damage.
For example, in the Melinda region, high winds brought down about 10% of the large pines.
The storm tracked generally westward on October 4, strengthening to its peak intensity of  at 12 UTC the next day.
Now a Category 3 hurricane on the modern-day Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale, the storm struck Cat Island, causing major damage.
However, the rapidly moving storm soon weakened as its track bent more to the northwest.
At 00 UTC on October 6, the eye of the storm passed south of Nassau.
Ten hours later, the small hurricane struck the north end of Elliott Key, Florida, and then made a second landfall within the hour on the mainland at Goulds, near Homestead.
Winds at landfall reached , and the calm eye was reported over Goulds.
After moving across southern Florida, the storm had weakened to a strong tropical storm, but then restrengthened as it curved northwestward over the Gulf of Mexico.
At about 09 UTC on October 7, the storm made another landfall along the Florida Panhandle near Carrabelle with winds of .
Turning toward the north and northeast, it crossed Georgia and South Carolina, and entered the Atlantic Ocean on October 8.
The storm fully dissipated several days later.
Preparations for the storm were extensive; residents boarded up homes and businesses, while evacuations were recommended in some coastal areas.
In the Bahamas, where winds reached , the storm killed three people.
The city of Nassau was struck particularly hard, though damage elsewhere in the islands was also severe, with many homes reported destroyed.
In Florida, damage was relatively severe, and included the deaths of several people.
High winds brought down trees and power lines, and wind-driven salt water damaged vegetation well inland across Dade County, though the storm was characterized by unusually light rainfall.
Storm surge in the Everglades region flooded local streets, particularly at Everglades City.
As the storm progressed northward, the city of Tallahassee suffered widespread power outages and damage to numerous vehicles.
Throughout the state, the hurricane inflicted $675,000 (1941 USD) in damages.
The cyclone later killed one person in Georgia.
It crossed the Florida Straits, and reached its peak intensity with winds of 50 mph (85 km/h) on October 20, after entering the eastern Gulf of Mexico and turning towards the north.
It curved northeastward and made landfall at Cedar Key, Florida.
After pushing inland, the storm stalled and weakened to a tropical depression on October 21 before dissipating fully the next day.
The storm's slow forward motion over the state of Florida led to heavy widespread precipitation, locally amounting to  in Trenton, Florida, between October 17 and October 22.
Gale-force winds were also reported.
Some flood damage occurred throughout the affected locations.
An infant was killed following the destruction of a house, possibly related to a tornado spawned by the tropical storm; the baby's parents also sustained injuries.
Cassius & Adelia Baker House is a historic house in Wamego, Kansas, U.S..
It was built in 1910.
It was designed in the American Craftsman architectural style.
It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since June 25, 2013.
Oklahoma Shakespeare in the Park (OSP) was founded in 1985 in Edmond, Oklahoma, USA by current Executive Director and Artistic Director Kathryn McGill (née Huey) and Jack J. O'Meara.
With two different performing venues, the organization produces a range of classic plays.
Oklahoma Shakespeare in the Park is a non-profit organization overseen by a Board of Directors.
Jason Foreman serves as Board President.
Jon Haque serves as Managing Director, and Michelle Swink as PR/Marketing Associate.
In 2007, it relocated to downtown Oklahoma City.
McGill, a native of Edmond, Oklahoma, met O'Meara—a local television promotions director—on a visit home from her Master of Fine Arts training in New York City.
Their shared interest in Shakespeare and the opportunity presented by the small stage in E.C.
Hafer Park, which was available for use by community groups,  led to the formation of Oklahoma Shakespeare in the Park as an outdoor summer Shakespeare festival.
McGill and O'Meara found interested local actors and generated enthusiasm for the project.
In July and August 1985, with a $500 grant from the Oklahoma Arts Council and their own money, they staged their first productions: Twelfth Night and A Midsummer Night's Dream.
Each play ran for 5 weeks, for a 10-week season, drawing a total attendance of 6,000 people.
Since the project turned out to be so popular, McGill and O'Meara decided to pursue the project further and formally incorporated Oklahoma Shakespeare in the Park in 1986 with O'Meara acting as managing director and McGill as artistic director.
Office and storage space was rented at the Edmond Community Center, along with an all purpose room used for a winter season of performances.
The winter performances ran for 3 seasons, but since the space was shared with "…dog shows, cotillions, and other rental uses … which necessitated striking the set after almost every performance" they were eventually put on hold until a more suitable space could be found.
The summer productions fared better, expanding from two to three productions in 1988 and briefly switching to a rotating repertory format in 1989.
In 1990 budget limitations forced a return to stock performances of four plays in 59 performances, but the company's goal was still to return to a rotating repertory format.
They began charging admissions in 1988, but still set an attendance record with 12.000 visitors for three shows.
In 1989 the City of Edmond's parks department created a new performance site for the company and in 1991 funded the construction of permanent toilet facilities.
OSP also built its own semi-permanent two-story wooden thrust stage in 1990.
By 1991 OSP had grown to the point where its 25-member board could arrange two benefits each year, raising $15-20.000, and the company received fairly large grants from companies like Phillips Petroleum and Target Stores.
In 2001, OSP's stage was destroyed by fire.
The company rebuilt on the same location, but in 2005 fire again struck and the company relocated to the University of Central Oklahoma as a temporary home.
In December 2006, under the leadership of then-Board President David Holt (politician), OSP announced that it was relocating to downtown Oklahoma City, and the Myriad Botanical Gardens Water Stage and from  June 14 through September 1, 2007 it presented its inaugural summer season in downtown Oklahoma City with performances in repertory of A Midsummer Night's Dream, Cyrano de Bergerac, and Macbeth.
Oklahoma Shakespeare in the Park is a non-profit organization overseen by a Board of Directors.
Statistics Finland (, ) is the national statistical institution in Finland, established in 1865 to serve as an information service and to provide statistics and expertise in the statistical sciences.
The institution employs more than 800 experts from varying fields.
Statistics Finland develops and maintains the Findicator statistical service jointly with the Finnish Prime Minister's Office.
The institution is led by Director General Marjo Bruun.
Table tennis at the 2003 Southeast Asian Games was held at the Hai Duong Competition Hall, Hanoi, Vietnam from 6 to 12 December 2003.
The Joshua Bates School is a historic school building at 731 Harrison Avenue in the South End neighborhood of Boston, Massachusetts.
The 2-1/2 story Romanesque Revival brick building was designed by Arthur H. Vinal and built in 1884.
It was named for financier and major benefactor of the Boston Public Library Joshua Bates.
The school was closed in 1975 as a consequence of court-ordered desegregation actions.
It was rehabilitated and adapted for use as artists' studios in 2003.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
The original sea wall for the South End can still be seen on the Harrison Avenue side of its school yard.
American poet James Hercules Sutton attended this school from 1947 to 1951.
Holy Trinity Church is in the village of Holdgate, Shropshire, England.
It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Ludlow, the archdeaconry of Ludlow, and the diocese of Hereford.
Its benefice is united with those of St Peter, Diddlebury, Broadstone Church, St Michael, Munslow, and St Catherine, Tugford.
The church is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade I listed building.
It stands in the former southwest bailey of Holdgate Castle.
The nave and possibly part of the chancel date from the 12th century, with the rest of the chancel and the lower part of the tower from the following century.
The south porch was probably added in the 14th century.
The upper part of the tower was added either in the 15th, or in the 17th century.
The west end of the nave was partitioned off as a schoolroom after 1793, and the church was restored and re-pewed in 1854–55.
In 1894–95 there was a further restoration by J. P. St Aubyn and Henry Wadling, during which a chancel arch was inserted, windows were renewed, the ceilings were taken down, new roofs and a new porch were built, and the partition in the nave was removed.
Its plan consists of a nave with a south porch, a chancel, and a west tower.
The tower is in two stages.
On three sides of the lower stage are lancet windows.
The upper stage contains bell openings on each side, and two string courses, each of which incorporates gargoyles.
On the summit is a battlemented parapet with corner pinnacles.
The upper stage is Perpendicular in style.
In the south wall of the nave is a Norman round-arched doorway with capitals decorated with volutes and foliage.
The arch is of three orders, the inner order being carved with beakheads, the middle order with a frieze of arches, and the outer order with zigzags.
Above this is a hood mould carved with zigzags and pellets.
The windows are mostly Early English, although some of the lancets in the chancel appear to be later insertions.
In the south wall of the chancel is a sheela na gig, dating probably from the 12th century.
The pews are box pews, one of which has a desk dated 1707 attached to its back.
Also in the church is a pair of Jacobean seats with carved canopies.
The circular Norman font is elaborately carved with rope moulding, a dragon, interlace, foliage, and medallions.
In the church are royal arms of 1757.
The stained glass in the east window, dating from about 1904, is by Herbert Bryans.
In the south wall of the nave is a tomb recess dating from the 14th century.
The monuments include brasses from the 17th and 18th centuries.
There is a ring of three bells, two dated 1657 and 1666 are by John Martin, and the other dated 1754 is by Abel Rudhall.
To the south of the chancel is an ashlar headstone dated 1716, and to the southeast of the chancel is a similar headstone inscribed with the dates 1748 and 1771.
To the south of the nave is a chest tomb dating from the early 19th century.
Martin Emmrich and Andreas Siljeström became the first champions of this tournament, by defeating Dominic Inglot and Rylan Rizza 6–4, 3–6, [11–9] in the final.
The 1980 World Series was the championship series of Major League Baseball's (MLB) 1980 season.
The 77th edition of the World Series, it was a best-of-seven playoff played between the National League (NL) champion Philadelphia Phillies and the American League (AL) champion Kansas City Royals.
The Phillies defeated the Royals, four games to two, to secure their first World Series championship in franchise history.
Phillies third baseman Mike Schmidt was named as the World Series MVP.
The series concluded with Game 6, which ended with Tug McGraw striking out Willie Wilson at 11:29 pm on October 21, 1980.
Wilson set a World Series record by striking out twelve times (after getting 230 hits in the regular season) in the six-game set.
Game 6 is also significant because it stands as the "most-watched game in World Series history" with a television audience of 54.9 million viewers.
The Kansas City Royals became the second expansion team, and the first American League expansion team, to appear in the World Series.
The AL would have to wait until 1985 before one of their expansion teams—the Royals themselves—would win a World Series.
This was the first World Series played entirely on artificial turf.
This was also the first World Series since 1920, and the last to date, in which neither team had won a World Series before.
With their victory, the Phillies became the final team out of the original 16 MLB teams to win a World Series.
However, a Philadelphia team had won a World Series before, the last being the Philadelphia Athletics in , exactly a half-century before this Series; in a twist of fate, the Athletics would play 13 years in Kansas City before eventually settling in Oakland.
The Kansas City Royals won the American League West division by fourteen games over the Oakland Athletics then swept the New York Yankees for the American League pennant.
Two first-year managers, Dallas Green of the Phillies and Jim Frey of the Royals, found themselves with an opportunity to do what no other manager had done before them, win a first World Championship for their respective clubs.
This was the first appearance for the Phillies since losing to the New York Yankees in the 1950 Series and just their third overall, having lost also to the Boston Red Sox in 1915.
The Royals entered the league as an expansion team in 1969.
They had early success under the leadership of Whitey Herzog, winning their division from 1976 to 1978, but each year they would lose to the New York Yankees in the American League Championship Series, exacting revenge with a sweep of the Yankees in the 1980 ALCS.
The Phillies had a strikingly similar run entering this Series, as they were also divisional winners from 1976 to 1978, losing to the Cincinnati Reds in 1976 NLCS and the Los Angeles Dodgers in 1977 and 1978, before regrouping in 1980 and triumphing over the Houston Astros in the League Championship Series.
This mostly veteran club finished between first and third in almost all offensive categories in the National League.
Thirty-nine-year-old Pete Rose led the club in hits (185) and doubles (42), while speedsters center fielder Garry Maddox and utility outfielder Lonnie Smith combined for 68 steals.
The pitching staff was just good enough, led by Carlton and 17-game-winner Dick Ruthven.
In the bullpen was the ever enthusiastic screwballer Tug McGraw, who was making his third trip to the Series, having ridden the bench with the New York Mets, winning in  and losing in .
The unquestioned heart and soul of the Royals was surrounded by a solid corps including veteran Royals, Amos Otis, super-designated-hitter, Hal McRae, solid second-baseman, Frank White and switch-hitter Willie Wilson who finished the season with 230 hits and 79 stolen bases.
The pitching staff had six players with ten or more wins, led by twenty-game-winner Dennis Leonard (20–11, 3.79) and left-hander Larry Gura (18–10, 2.95).
Submariner Dan Quisenberry won twelve games out of the bullpen and accumulated 33 saves, tied for best in the American League with Rich Gossage.
In their half of the third, the Phils rallied off Dennis Leonard.
Larry Bowa singled with one out, stole second and scored on Bob Boone's double.
Lonnie Smith's RBI single then cut the Royals' lead to 3–2, but Smith was tagged out at second.
After Pete Rose was hit by a pitch and Mike Schmidt was walked, a three-run home run by Bake McBride put the Phillies up 5–4.
Next inning, Manny Trillo singled and later scored on Boone's double to knock Leonard out of the game.
After loading the bases in the fifth on a single, hit-by-pitch, and walk off Renie Martin, Garry Maddox's sacrifice fly made it 7–4 Phillies.
Despite Aikens' hitting another two-run home run in the eighth.inning off Walk to cut the lead to one, Tug McGraw was able to hold on for a 7–6 Phillies victory.
Prior to 1980, the Phillies had not won a World Series game since Game 1 of the 1915 World Series against the Boston Red Sox, when Grover Cleveland Alexander had pitched a shutout.
After a one-out single and subsequent double in the fifth, Manny Trillo's sacrifice fly and Larry Bowa's RBI single put the Phillies up 2–0.
The Royals cut it to 2–1 when Amos Otis scored from second on Trillo's error on Willie Aikens's ground ball in the sixth.
Carlton looked in control until, acting on a complaint from Kansas City manager Jim Frey that Carlton was using a foreign substance on the ball, the umpires made Carlton wash his hands.
In the seventh, Carlton then loaded the bases on three walks and Amos Otis ripped a double into the left-field corner to drive in two, then John Wathan's sacrifice fly extended the Royals' lead to 4–2.
The Phillies rallied to go up on the Royals in the eighth.inning.
After a leadoff walk, Del Unser's RBI double off Dan Quisenberry cut the Royals' lead to 4–3.
After a groundout by Pete Rose, an RBI single by Bake McBride past the drawn-in infield tied the game, then Mike Schmidt drove in the go-ahead run with a double off the right-center-field wall, and Keith Moreland added an insurance run with an RBI single.
Ron Reed picked up the save in the ninth as Philadelphia went up 2–0 heading to Kansas City.
got back in the series with a thrilling extra inning victory in Game 3.
George Brett, having returned from minor surgery after Game 2, began the scoring with a Home Run into the right-field stands in the first off Dick Ruthven.
The Phillies loaded the bases in the second off Rich Gale with one out on two singles and a walk, but only scored once on Lonnie Smith's groundout.
In the fourth, Willie Aikens tripled with one out and scored on Hal McRae's single, but Mike Schmidt's home run in the fifth again tied the game and knocked Gale out of the game.
Amos Otis gave the Royals a 3–2 lead in the seventh with a home run, but Pete Rose's RBI single with two on in the eighth off Renie Martin (who had relieved Gale) again tied the game.
Ruthven pitched nine innings and was relieved in the tenth.
The game headed into extra innings and in the bottom of the tenth, Willie Aikens drove in Willie Wilson with a single to left-center for the game-winning run off Tug McGraw.
The Royals jumped all over Phillies starter Larry Christenson in the bottom of the first.
Willie Wilson doubled, George Brett tripled him in, and Willie Aikens smashed his third home run of the series.
The onslaught continued when Amos Otis doubled in Hal McRae, who had also doubled, to give the Royals a 4–0 lead right out of the gate.
Christenson would only last 1/3 of an inning before being relieved.
After the Phillies scored a run in the second on Larry Bowa's RBI single off Dennis Leonard, Aikens hit his second home run of the game in the bottom half and became the first player in World Series history to have a pair of two-home run games.
The Phillies cut away at the Royals' lead on sacrifice flies by Bob Boone off Leonard in the seventh and Mike Schmidt off Dan Quisenberry in the eighth (the run charged to Leonard), but fell short as Leonard held them in check and Dan Quisenberry finished the game to help Leonard atone for his Game 1 loss.
The Royals won 5–3 to tie the series.
Despite the Royals victory, Game 4 is best remembered for Dickie Noles' fourth-inning brushback pitch under Brett's chin that ultimately prompted the umpires to issue warnings to each team.
Brett told Baseball Digest in March 1998 that he had "no idea if that [brushback pitch by Noles] turned the Series around.
All I know is we lost."
Mike Schmidt, in his book Clearing The Bases, called it "the greatest brushback in World Series history."
Aikens later said that he had been expecting it to happen to him, in retaliation for his two home runs.
The game was scoreless until the fourth when Mike Schmidt hit a two-run home run to right-center off Larry Gura.
After two leadoff singles and a sacrifice bunt, George Brett's RBI groundout in the fifth off Marty Bystrom cut the Phillies' lead to 2–1.
Next inning, the red-hot Amos Otis tied the game with a leadoff home run.
After two singles, Bystrom was replaced by Ron Reed, who allowed a sacrifice fly to U L Washington to put the Royals up 3–2.
After the Phillies threw out a K.C.
runner at the plate to keep the game a one-run affair, they marched to victory by coming back in the ninth off Dan Quisenberry.
Schmidt led off the inning with a single, and Del Unser drove him home all the way from first with a double down the right-field line.
After a bunt moved Unser to third, Manny Trillo drove in the go-ahead run with a line shot that ricocheted off pitcher Dan Quisenberry for an infield hit.
In the bottom of the ninth, the Royals threatened by loading the bases with two out.
The Royals Stadium crowd were standing hoping for a dramatic K.C.
win.
But Tug McGraw silenced the crowd by striking out José Cardenal with a high fastball to end the game.
After loading the bases in the third on a single, error, and walk off Rich Gale, Philadelphia scored two on a Mike Schmidt single.
In the fifth, Renie Martin allowed a double and walk, then Bake McBride's RBI groundout off Paul Splittorff made it 3–0 Phillies.
Next inning, Larry Bowa doubled with two outs and scored on Bob Boone's single, making it 4–0 Phillies.
Steve Carlton pitched seven innings while Tug McGraw pitched two for the save.
Kansas City threatened by loading the bases in the eighth and the ninth, but only scored one run, on UL Washington's sacrifice fly in the eighth.
In the final frame, a foul popup by Frank White near the first base dugout came out of Phillies catcher Bob Boone's glove only to be caught by Pete Rose, who came right by Boone's side.
Then McGraw struck out Willie Wilson for the third and final out.
It was the 12th time Wilson struck out in this Series, setting a new World Series record.
The previous mark had been eleven, jointly held by Eddie Mathews and Wayne Garrett in  and , respectively.
Ryan Howard would break Wilson's record by striking out 13 times in the 2009 World Series, ironically on a Phillies team which lost to the New York Yankees.
Boone's knees were so sore by the end of the World Series that he could barely make it to the mound after the final out was recorded.
When the modern-day World Series began in 1903, the National and American Leagues each had eight teams.
With their victory in the 1980 World Series, the Phillies became the last of the "Original Sixteen" franchises to win a Series (although the St. Louis Browns never won a Series in St. Louis, having to wait until 1966, twelve years after they had become the Baltimore Orioles).
While Mike Schmidt was the official MVP of the 1980 World Series, the Babe Ruth Award (another World Series MVP) was given to Tug McGraw.
over Kansas City Royals (A.L.)
Bryant Gumbel anchored the pre- and post-game shows, while former pitching great Bob Gibson and umpire Ron Luciano also contributed to NBC's coverage.
CBS Radio also carried the Series nationally, with Vin Scully handling the play-by-play and Sparky Anderson the color commentary.
Win Elliot anchored the pre- and post-game shows for the network.
At this time CBS Radio held total broadcast exclusivity for the World Series, including in each team's market.
Thousands of Phillies fans were outraged that they could not hear local team announcers Harry Kalas and Richie Ashburn call the games.
They deluged the team, the networks, and the Commissioner's office with angry letters and petitions.
The following year Major League Baseball changed its broadcast contract to allow the flagship radio stations for participating World Series teams to produce and air their own local Series broadcasts.
The CBS Radio feed could potentially be heard in those markets on another station which held CBS's rights.
When the Phillies next won a World Series, in , Kalas was able to make the call of the final out.
This Series is tied with the 1978 World Series for the highest overall television ratings to date, with the six games averaging a Nielsen rating of 32.8 and a share of 56.
That day, a parade down Broad Street celebrated the Phillies win.
About half a million attended the parade, the first ticker-tape parade down Broad Street since the Flyers won the Stanley Cup in 1975, as it made its way to John F. Kennedy Stadium.
Another 800,000 gathered around the stadium.
The parade was part of a day of statewide celebrations throughout Pennsylvania, per Thornburgh's proclamation.
In 1980, all four of Philadelphia's major professional sports teams played for the championship of their respective sports, but only the Phillies were victorious.
The Sixers lost to the Los Angeles Lakers in mid-May, eight days later the Flyers lost to the New York Islanders, and the Eagles would lose to the Oakland Raiders in Super Bowl XV in January 1981.
In conjunction with championships won by two teams from Pittsburgh (the Pirates won the World Series a year before, and the Steelers won Super Bowls XIII and XIV), the state of Pennsylvania as a whole had three title teams in a span of two years.
Soon after the World Series, members of both teams played for a week on Family Feud with host Richard Dawson.
The week of shows was billed as a World Series Rematch Week.
The Royals won three out of the five games played, with all the money going to charity.
The 1980 World Series was the first of numerous World Series that journeyman outfielder Lonnie Smith (then with the Phillies) participated in.
He was also a part of the 1982 World Series (as a member of the St. Louis Cardinals), 1985 World Series (as a member of the Kansas City Royals), and the  and 1992 World Series as a member of the Atlanta Braves.
The two Braves seasons were the only years in which he played for the losing team in the Series.
The Battle of the Big Cross was an engagement of the Irish Rebellion of 1798 fought between the forces of the United Irishmen and a column of British troops.
It was fought on the 19th of June on a spot on the Shannonvale-Ballinascarty road known locally as the big cross, about 4 miles east of Clonakilty in West Cork.
It was the only battle fought in the rebellion in Cork or indeed the whole of Munster.
In response, British troops were garrisoned all over West Cork.
In early 1798, Major General Sir John Moore was given command of the 3,000 British troops in West Cork.
A proclamation was issued that all weaponry (firearms and pikes) be handed up to either the military of local magistrates by the 2nd of May under an amnesty.
Despite this, Moore issued orders for his troops to treat the locals as harshly as possible and to take any provisions they needed for three weeks.
In May, British troops scoured West Cork searching for arms burning homes and generally terrorizing the common people.
Moore himself wrote the moment a single redcoat appears, everyone flees.
The official disarming of West Cork was completed by the 23rd of May.
Moore and his troops had found 800 pikes and 3,400 firearms, and large numbers of suspected United Irishmen were arrested.
Many of the British troops in West Cork were in fact Irish and were recruited from among the peasantry.
There is strong evidence that the British troops may have had United Irishmen members or sympathizers among their ranks.
On the afternoon of the 18th, Sir Hugh received orders that his troops were to transfer to Bandon, about 15 miles east of Clonakilty.
Early on the morning of the 19th of June, the Westmeath militia, including two artillery pieces, were marching in column when they were confronted by a force of 300-400 United Irishmen, very lightly armed and mostly local peasantry, at a local crossroads known as the Big Cross under the command of a man named Tadhg an Astna O'Donovan.
Much of what we know of the engagement comes from local folklore or from the pen of Sir Hugh.
O'Donovan is said to have appealed to the mostly Irish troops and United Irishmen among the Westmeath militias ranks to join his party.
He was instead met with gunfire, though the Westmeath militia's commanding officer Sir Hugh O'Reilly denied this happened.
In the short engagement that followed, the United Irishmen who had few firearms were routed.
The United Irishmen were also attacked by the Caithness Legion, a Scottish regiment relieving the Westmeath militia in Clonakilty.
Casualties were heavy with at least 100 United Irishmen left dead, including O'Donovan, possibly shot in the back during an almost successful assault on the British position.
With few British casualties after the battle the Yeoman cavalry dragged the bodies of the dead United Irishmen into Clonakilty town and left them in front of the town's market house for several days.
They were later dumped in a local strand at a spot now known as the Croppy Hole, with their relatives recovering them afterwards.
Public notices were placed, written in both Irish and English, urging the local people to yield up to justice their leaders and instigators, surrender all their illegal weapons, return to their habitations and resume their industrious employments.
James (Jem) Mackie (18 May 1821 – 28 December 1867) was a British Liberal Party and Whig politician and rugby footballer, sometimes credited with creating the sport.
This was against convention that, when a ball was caught, the player should retreat and kick towards the goal.
However, the sport is most often credited to William Webb Ellis, who was at the school from 1816 to 1825.
The credit may have been given to Webb Ellis as Mackie was expelled from the school before the practice was legalised by the school in 1841, before an agreed set of rules was dictated, and his expulsion made him an "undesirable role model".
Indeed, in an 1895 inquiry, author Thomas Hughes said Mackie had been the first to play the sport this way.
His death triggered the 1868 Kirkcudbrightshire by-election.
The 2017 Kunal Patel San Francisco Open was a professional tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts.
It was the first edition of the tournament and was a part of the 2017 ATP Challenger Tour.
It took place in San Francisco, United States from February 6–12, 2017.
Vasek Pospisil 7–5, 3–6, 6–2.
Gong Maoxin /  Zhang Ze 6–7(4–7), 7–5, [10–7].
Zanskar or Zahar (locally) or Zangskar is a subdistrict or tehsil of the Kargil district, which lies in the Indian union territory of Ladakh.
The administrative centre is Padum.
Zanskar, together with the neighbouring region of Ladakh, was briefly a  part of the kingdom of Guge in Western Tibet.
The Zanskar Range is a mountain range in the union territory of Ladakh that separates Zanskar from Ladakh.
Geologically, the Zanskar Range is part of the Tethys Himalaya, an approximately 100-km-wide synclinorium formed by strongly folded and imbricated, weakly metamorphosed sedimentary series.
The average height of the Zanskar Range is about 6,000 m (19,700 ft).
Its eastern part is known as Rupshu.
Older geographical accounts and maps may use the alternate spelling "Zaskar".
An etymological study (Snellgrove and Skorupsky, 1980) of the name reveals that its origin might refer to the natural occurrence of copper in this region, the Tibetan word for which is "Zangs".
The second syllable however seems to be more challenging as it has various meanings: "Zangs-dkar" (white copper), "Zangs-mkhar" (copper palace), or "Zangs-skar" (copper star).
Others claim it derives from zan = copper + skar = valley.
Crook (1994) partly shares this interpretation but suggests that the origin of this name might also be "Zan-mKhar" (food palace), because the staple food crops are so abundant in an otherwise rather arid region.
The locally accepted spelling of the name in Tibetan script is zangs-dkar.
Some of the religious scholars of the district, also cited by Snellgrove and Skorupsky (1980) and Crook (1994), hold that it was originally "bzang-dkar", meaning good (or beautiful) and white.
"Good" would refer to the triangular shape of the Padum plain, the triangle being the symbol of Dharma and religion; "white" would refer to the simplicity, goodness, and religious inclinations of the Zanskaris.
Thus, even if etymologically it would be more correct to use "Zangskar", the most frequently found spelling for this region is undoubtedly "Zanskar".
It consists of the country lying along the two main branches of the Zanskar River.
The first, the Doda, has its source near the Penzi-la (4,400 m) (14,450 ft) mountain-pass, and then flows south-eastwards along the main valley leading towards Padum, the capital of Zanskar.
The second branch is formed by two main tributaries known as Kargyag river, with its source near the Shingo La (5,091 m) (16,703 ft), and Tsarap river, with its source near the Baralacha-La.
These two rivers unite below the village of Purney to form the Lungnak river (also known as the Lingti or Tsarap river).
The Lungnak river then flows north-westwards along a narrow gorge towards Zanskar's central valley (known locally as jung-khor), where it unites with the Doda river to form the Zanskar river.
For locals and trekkers alike, the Shingo La is technically one of the easiest 5000m passes in Indian Himalaya, involving no glacier trekking nor steep climbs.
"The Shingo La, the main route into Zanskar from Lahaul, is an unpleasant pass.
It isn't particularly high, at just 17,000 feet, but it is squalid and sordid and lacks grandeur."
The Zanskar river then takes a north-eastern course until it joins the Indus in Ladakh.
High mountain ridges lie on both sides of the Doda and Lingti–kargyag valleys, which run north-west to south-east.
To the south-west is the Great Himalayan Range which separates Zanskar from the Kisthwar and Chamba basins.
To the north-east lies the Zanskar Range, which separates Zanskar from Ladakh.
The only outlet for the whole Zanskar hydrographic system is thus the Zanskar river, which cuts the deep and narrow Zanskar Gorge through the Zanskar range.
These topographical features explain why access to Zanskar is difficult from all sides.
Communication with the neighbouring Himalayan areas is maintained across mountain passes or along the Zanskar river when frozen.
The easiest approach leads from Kargil through the Suru valley and over the Penzi-La.
It is along this track that in 1979 the only road in Zanskar was built to connect Padum with the main road from Srinagar into Ladakh.
One of the first Tibetologists to spend an extended period in the region was Alexander Csoma de Koros,(Hungarian Scholar) who spent over a year living in the region in 1823.
After being integrated into the newly formed state of India in 1947, Zanskar and the neighbouring region of Ladakh were both declared restricted areas and only opened to foreigners in 1974.
The first colour film of life in Zanskar was shot in 1958 by an expedition of three British housewives .
Most impressive are the meadows covered with thousands of edelweiss.
At the foot of the Gumburanjon mountain blue poppies can be found.
Crops including barley, lentils, and potatoes are grown by farmers at the lower elevations.
Domesticated animals such as the yak, dzo, sheep, horse, and dog are found in the region.
Among the wildlife that can be found in Zanskar are the marmot, bear, wolf, snow leopard, bharal, alpine ibex, wild sheep and goats, and the lammergeier.
This mountain range acts as a climatic barrier protecting Ladakh and Zanskar from most of the monsoon, resulting in a pleasantly warm and dry climate in the summer.
Rain and snowfall during this period are scarce, although recent decades have shown a trend towards increasing precipitation.
Several water-driven mills were built during ancient periods of drought at a great distance from the villages, but have been abandoned because running water is now available nearer to the settlements.
Zanskari houses, though otherwise well built, are not adapted to the recently increasing rainfall, as their roofs leak, catching their surprised inhabitants unprepared.
Most of the precipitation occurs as snowfall during the harsh and extremely long winter period.
These winter snowfalls are of vital importance, since they feed the glaciers which melt in the summer and provide most of the irrigation water.
Parts of Zanskar valley are considered some of the coldest continually inhabited places in the world.
The medical census is the most accurate indicator of population as it collects birth, death, and census information from Zangskar's 22 medical aid centers.
Roughly 95% of the inhabitants practice Tibetan Buddhism, while the remainder are Sunni Muslims, whose ancestors settled in Padum and its environs in the 19th century.
The majority of Zanskaris are of mixed Tibetan and Indo-European origins; notably Changpa, Dard and Mon.
The latter are in fact ethnically Dard, but "Mon" is used in order to distinguish them from later Dard settlers.
The population lives mainly in scattered small villages, the largest being the capital Padum, with nearly 700 inhabitants.
Most of the villages are located in the valleys of the Zanskar river and its two main tributaries.
Given the isolation of this region, the inhabitants tend towards self-sufficiency, and until recently lived in almost complete autarky.
External trade has, however, always been necessary for the acquisition of goods such as tools, jewellery, or religious artefacts.
The Zanskaris' main occupations are cattle-rearing and farming of land that they almost always own.
Cultivable land is scarce, and restricted to alluvial fans and terraces, cultivated fields being rarely found above an altitude of 4,000 metres.
The Zanskaris have developed a system of intensive arable agriculture and complex irrigation to produce enough food in these conditions.
The scarcity of cultivable land has also resulted in a tendency towards a stable, zero-growth population.
An efficient birth-control system in Zanskar has historically been achieved by the common practice of polyandrous marriage, in which several brothers are married to the same wife, and the widespread adoption of a celibate religious life.
A high infant mortality rate also contributes to population stability.
In the summer, the women and children stay far away from the villages to tend to the livestock.
This system, known as transhumance, is similar to the one found in the Alps where the animals are sent during the summer higher up in the mountains (the alpages) and were kept by the children and women.
However, most of the senior government posts are filled by Muslims of Tehsil centre Padum.
Almost every village has a local monastery, often containing ancient wall-paintings and images.
There are two main branches of Tibetan Buddhism here — the Drugpa, including  Sani Monastery, Dzongkhul, Stagrimo and Bardan Monastery - all loosely affiliated with Stakna in the Indus valley.
The Gelugpa control Rangdum Monastery, Karsha, Stongde and Phugtal Monastery, which all pay allegiance to the Ngari Rinpoche, who has his main seat at Likir Monastery in Ladakh.
The present emanation of the Ngari Rinpoche is the younger brother of the Dalai Lama.
Yaks are used to plough the land, to thresh the grain, to carry heavy loads (up to 200 kilograms), and their dung not only serves as fertiliser but is also the only heating fuel available in the region.
They are a vital source of milk and sometimes, but rarely, of meat.
The yak's fur is used to make clothes, carpets, ropes, and bed covers.
Petroglyphs attributed to that period suggest that their creators were hunters on the steppes of central Asia, living between Kazakhstan and China.
It is suspected that an Indo-European population known as the Mon might then have lived in this region, before mixing with or being replaced by the next settlers, the Dards.
Early Buddhism coming from Kashmir spread its influence in Zanskar, possibly as early as 200 BC.
The earliest monuments date from the Kushan period.
After this eastward propagation of Buddhism, Zanskar and large parts of the Western Himalaya were overrun in the 7th century by the Tibetans, who imposed their then animistic Bön religion.
Buddhism regained its influence over Zanskar in the 8th century when Tibet was also converted to this religion.
Between the 10th and 11th centuries, two Royal Houses were founded in Zanskar, and the monasteries of Karsha and Phugtal (see picture) were built.
Until the 15th century Zanskar existed as a more or less independent Buddhist Kingdom ruled by between two and four related royal families.
Since the 15th century, Zanskar has been subordinate to Ladakh, sharing its fortunes and misfortunes.
In 1822 a coalition of Kulu, Lahoul, and Kinnaur invaded Zanskar, plundering the country and destroying the Royal palace at Padum.
In the mid-20th century, border conflicts between India, Pakistan and China caused Ladakh and Zanskar to be closed to foreigners.
During these wars Ladakh lost two thirds of its original territory, losing Baltistan to Pakistan and the Aksai Chin to China.
Ladakh and Zanskar, despite a tumultuous history of internal wars and external aggressions, have never lost their cultural and religious heritage since the 8th century.
Thanks to its adherence to the Indian Union, this is also one of the rare regions in the Himalaya where traditional Tibetan culture, society, and buildings survived the Chinese Cultural Revolution.
In the last twenty years, the opening of a road and the massive influx of tourists and researchers have brought many changes to the traditional social organisation of Zanskar.
In 2007 the valley suffered its third year of a desert locust infestation with many villages losing their crops.
The response of the monasteries was to carry out Puja ( prayer ) to get rid of them while the government was advocating the use of insecticides which the Buddhists were reluctant to use, but in some cases were forced to try with as yet undocumented success.
In 2008 it was reported that the Locusts had left the central Zanskar plains.
The opening of this region to foreigners has brought benefits such as the financing of schools and the restoration of monasteries and roads, but has also taken its toll on this fragile mountain environment and its population.
Monks who have studied outside of Zanskar may know Standard Tibetan.
Educated people of Zanskar know English as it is a compulsory subject in Indian schools.
Zanskari zanskar pe skad : ཟངས་དཀར་པེ་སྐད་ is a dialect of Ladakhi and has four sub dialects known as Stod skad, Zhung skad, Sham skad and Lungna skad.
It is written using the Tibetan Script.
The Ruislip Lido Railway is a  gauge miniature railway around Ruislip Lido in Ruislip,  north-west of central London.
Running from the main station at Woody Bay by the lido's beach, on a  track around the reservoir, the railway passes through Ruislip Woods to Willow Lawn station and Tea Room near the lido's car parks.
Willow Lawn station was previously known (until summer 2013) as Ruislip Lido (Water's Edge) station.
The line is the longest exact  gauge railway in the United Kingdom.
There was formerly a terminus at Eleanor's Loop, and the site of this station (now disused) can still be seen.
Another former terminus at Haste Hill is now a request stop station for trains heading to Willow Lawn only.
Haste Hill became a temporary terminus of the line again in early 2013 owing to major works at Willow Lawn station associated with the Lido redevelopment programme.
The Woody Bay to Eleanor's Junction (renamed from Eleanor's Loop in February 2017) section of the railway features a double track, with a passing loop at Haste Hill thereby allowing two-train operation.
There is a level crossing between Haste Hill and Willow Lawn stations.
Originally built by the Grand Union Canal Company over a much shorter route, the line has been extended in recent years and now covers over two thirds of the perimeter of the reservoir.
Following several years of decline under the ownership of the local council, the railway has been operated by a voluntary society since 1979.
Built along the south-east shore of the reservoir, where a beach had been created, control of the lido passed to Ruislip-Northwood Urban District Council (RNUDC) when the Grand Union was nationalised in 1948 to become part of British Waterways.
One or two people normally staffed the line with major work contracted out.
Prince Edward was replaced by a petrol-electric locomotive in 1959, although the antiquated  gauge meant locomotives and rolling stock were not widely available and therefore expensive.
The RNUDC became part of the London Borough of Hillingdon in 1965.
Subsequent neglect of the lido as well as its entrance fees reduced visitor numbers.
In the mid-1970s the original locomotive broke down and a new one was purchased from manufacturer Severn Lamb.
It did not run for long due to a 1978 accident, which injured several people.
The railway was then shut and soon began to display signs of dereliction.
In 1979, the Ruislip Lido Railway Society was established to take on the running of the railway and the line reopened ready for the summer of 1980.
Keeping the line open became a struggle, with either too few passengers to pay for fuel or too many for the trains to accommodate comfortably.
Despite this, work commenced on an extension around the lido to the main car park.
Leaving the circuit near where the accident happened, the line carried on through woodland to Eleanor's Loop.
A new locomotive was ordered from the Ravenglass and Eskdale Railway (R&ER) in Cumbria, and named Lady of the Lakes.
Previously  gauge to allow trials to be carried out on the R&ER, the locomotive was converted to  on arrival.
Lady of the Lakes entered service just before the new station opened, equipped with newly designed carriages built in the railway's workshops.
The line was extended again to Haste Hill, which involved the construction of cuttings, embankments, steep gradients and tight curves.
In 1990, a new and more powerful locomotive was purchased from Severn Lamb and Haste Hill station opened.
Ballast for maintenance began to be carried on the railway using appropriate rolling stock.
A storage shed was built alongside the carriage shed and a workshop in the yard at Woody Bay.
Woody Bay station received a ticket office, and a control room, and the platforms were extended.
A water tower was also built in preparation for the arrival in 1998 of a new steam engine, Mad Bess.
The third extension from Haste Hill to the lido entrance opened in the same year.
A new diesel locomotive arrived from Severn Lamb in 2003, followed by an identical one the following year.
A special 2009 production for Halloween was held at the railway in association with the Argosy Players, a local dramatic group from the Compass Theatre in Ickenham.
The "Mad Bess Express" purported to explain the origins of the name of the Mad Bess Wood and involved trains being met in the woods by actors dressed to resemble ghosts and ghouls.
In 2010, the Woody Bay ticket office and the nearby children's playground were damaged by vandals driving a stolen tractor.
From the first Sunday after New Year's Day until mid February, the railway closes for 6 weeks for the annual maintenance shutdown, allowing the opportunity for unhindered access to the railway to complete infrastructure projects and renewals that would not be possible with trains running.
On busy days when there is demand and sufficient volunteers available multiple trains can be run, using either a radio control system or a token working system.
When operating multiple trains under radio control, one of the railway's qualified controllers will operate the control office at Woody Bay.
Trains are given permission to enter different block sections via radio from the controller, who records train movements on a graph.
No two trains can be in the same section at one time, except under caution for the purpose of one assisting the other.
The standard multiple train service is for two passenger trains, either both of 9 carriages or one 10 and one 8 carriage train; both use all 18 of the railway's carriages.
Radio control can accommodate more than two trains if required, and also facilitate different / unusual movements where necessary.
On two occasions during late 2016, two separate Permanent Way trains were run along with the standard passenger train, leading to three trains on the line with only Haste Hill for passing, leading to careful planning and coordination being required.
Special events are run throughout the year, with either a 'Teddy Bear Picnic' or 'Easter Eggspress' running around Easter time, a railway 'Open Day' traditionally held in May, and the popular 'Santa Specials' event held over 4 days in the lead up to Christmas.
The railway is run entirely by unpaid volunteers with young rail enthusiasts involved in its operation.
The railway has various departments looking after specialist areas within the railway.
Locomotives and rolling stock are maintained in the workshop at Woody Bay by dedicated teams of volunteers.
The railway also has its own team of volunteer permanent way staff who maintain the track.
This contributed towards the derailment in May 1978 that led to the closure of the railway, and ultimately the creation of the society.
The railway was laid in 1945 with 14 lb per yard rail, a significant amount of which survives as fencing around the railway, as well as making up the track within the workshop.
Photos of the railway before Society operation are rare, and clear photos with views of the track even rarer.
From the evidence available, the rail was secured using dog spikes to wooden sleepers of a small but long profile, although none survive to this day.
The Society still possesses three original 1945 metal sleepers, and a small quantity of 14 lb rail, with one pair of fishplates.
Small metal sleepers were also used, using small nuts and bolts holding a very small plate to the foot of the rail.
Rough shingle ballast was used as dictated by the available supplies.
As well as the permanent way, the line was equipped with 'props' by way of signals, a level crossing, water tower, coaling stage, and other items to create a railway-like atmosphere.
It is recorded that the entire line was 're-laid with new rail' upon the arrival of the Hunt locomotive in 1959/1960.
Before reopening to passenger traffic in 1979, remedial works were carried out on the track to bring it up to a standard safe to operate trains on, but far from perfect.
It is noted by the recollections of an RLRS founder member that the top loop curve (where the derailment took place) was in poor condition, with every joint said to be "kinked like a 50p piece".
This particular curve was re-laid in 20 lb rail before services resumed.
The society did this in 4.
The track was completely renewed with new larger softwood sleepers, and 20 lb rail (most of it new, generally in 18 ft lengths) secured with dog spikes.
Although monetary constraints prevented any kind of proper base being laid below the sleepers, fresh limestone ballast was also laid.
The lack of any base below the bottom of the sleepers was to cause issues in the future and is still an issue that we have to deal with to this day.
Money and labour were in extremely short supply in the early years of the society.
Many sleepers were laid directly onto the less stable, but existing ground of London clay.
The passage of trains does cause the track to sink very gradually into the clay.
The problem sections have been gradually improved.
The double-track section between the loops at either end of the line was also slewed during this period to allow for multiple train operation in the future, although this was not a possibility until February 1986 with the arrival of a second locomotive, ‘Lady of the Lakes’.
The extensions saw another progression onto using a slightly larger type of softwood sleeper with the 20 lb rail (in 30 ft lengths).
Initially, dog spikes were used for the Eleanor's extension.
A trial of using new coach screws and plates to fix the rails to the sleepers was undertaken in September 1988 at Woody Bay, attempting to solve issues with gauge creep and rail joint movement.
The trial proved the benefits of this system, with the Haste Hill extension, laid entirely with coach screws on pre-assembled track panels.
A programme of replacing dog spikes with coach screws was then started, with problem areas receiving attention as required.
Not only did this improve the security of the rails onto the sleepers resulting in better ride quality, but also provided an obvious safety improvement too.
By 2000, approximately 1/3rd of the dog spikes from Woody Bay through to Eleanor's had been replaced.
Until March 2017, 100 ft of the original sleepers survived on the mainline in the platform road at Haste Hill, this particular section being the only part of the railway to escape the relaying programme in the early 2000s.
This section escaped relaying until 2017 due to the excellent condition of the sleepers, the low speed through the area and the fact that during the low season, the platform road was usually unused with trains routed through the loop road instead.
The existing track form was slightly on the ‘lighter’ side for the longer and heavier trains, with the introduction of larger, heavier locomotives still to come.
The existing track was extremely maintenance-heavy, consuming a great deal of time and effort on basic fettling and alignment works to keep the track in a good condition.
The desire was to lay the extension to a standard whereby it would be considerably more hardwearing, therefore requiring less maintenance in general.
The use of large hardwood jarrah sleepers along with the 30 lb rail, large lipped plates and large coach screws gave a very chunky track form and has generally performed well over the years.
The jarrah sleepers have not performed well and so spot re-sleepering starting barely 10 years after the extension had been completed.
Spot re-sleepering of jarrah on stage 3 has been the biggest day-to-day maintenance task on the railway for quite some time and will continue to be for several years yet.
Over 150 were changed in 2016 alone!
They are being replaced by standard Douglas Fir softwood sleepers.
A plan of major track renewals was formulated, to gradually upgrade the entire RLR permanent way to the modern standard seen on stage 3.
Some sections of track were now over 20 years old with other sections following close behind in the coming years.
Renewals focused on specific sections at a time, working logically based upon when sections were first laid / last re-laid, whilst also taking into account the current condition of sections.
Despite past aspirations to relay the entire line with 30 lb rail, the existing 20 lb rail was re used in the renewals.
The now standard large softwood sleepers were used throughout along with high quality coach screws, plates and hundreds of tonnes of new granite ballast.
The track height was significantly raised in places to give a reasonable depth of ballast under the sleepers, with the sub formation improved and even completely rebuilt in some locations.
By the end of the 2010 winter shutdown, the entire railway from Woody Bay through to Haste Hill had been entirely re-laid.
The relaying included new points on all of the mainline loops and junctions.
It saw the use of 14 kg per metre rail, very similar to the 30 lb rail used on stage 3.
The rails are in 40 ft lengths, the longest the railway has ever used.
The standard Douglas Fir softwood sleepers were used, along with large coach screws and lipped plates.
The lipped plates ensure a high accuracy of gauge, and give a secure fixing to the sleeper too, with the front lip fitting snugly onto the foot of the rail, and the back lip digging into the sleeper slightly.
The sleepers were pre drilled using templates, again ensuring accuracy of gauge.
Special transition rails were fabricated in the workshop to join the 14 kg per metre rail to the existing 20 lb per yard rail, to alleviate a difficult and uncomfortable joint between the two.
With the completion of the project in April 2017, there is now just under 2.5 miles of track in total, with the main line double track for over half its length.
Dominique Magnan (1731–1796), a learned French abbot of the Trinità dei Monti convent, of the order of the minims, in Rome, who was deeply involved in the intellectual life of his community during the second half of the 18th century.
He studied at the University of Avignon, then joined the Minims of La Ciotat at age 20, where he began his career as a collector of ancient coins and medals.
Appointed professor of theology in Marseille, he continued his work.
He got in touch with the most famous antiquaries of the time, both in Italy and Germany, and speedily acquired an extensive reputation.
According to the nineteenth-century biographers, he was invited by Francis I to attend the Imperial Medal Cabinet.
But results of recent research provide no evidence that it does.
Neither in the archives of the Hofburg nor in published studies on Vienna Collections.
We don't known why he ended up in Rome instead of Vienna but he lived for nearly thirty years in the old convent of Trinity.
True to a well-established tradition in the Minims, the Trinità dei Monti knew how to develop assets to participate in the Enlightenment debate.
In the first place, a library.
But they also did astronomy, botany, numismatics and published a lot.
And Dominique Magnan was mainly the leader of this small group of religious.
He had found here a good environment to undertake his scientific work.
His first books received critical acclaim.
But his most significant works were on numismatics  though heavily criticized by specialists of the time in that universal and complete coverage of the subject could maintain confusion between authentic coins and the fake ones.
Having become treasurer of the convent, he had had to be accountable during the Apostolic Visit in 1794, which was fatal to him.
Cardinal de Bernis directed that an inventory of his goods should be taken.
About sixty in-folios in geography, numismatics, archeology were found, but also books of biblical scholarship, dictionaries and the Encyclopédie.
Asked to leave the Papal States in three days, he fled to Florence where he died in extreme misery in 1796.
The 2002–03 League of Ireland Premier Division was the 18th season of the League of Ireland Premier Division.
The division was made up of 10 teams.
Bohemians were declared champions.
To facilitate this change, the 2002–03 season was a shortened season.
This saw each team play three rounds of games, totalling 27 games each.
It now featured four teams, the second, third and fourth placed teams from the 2002–03 League of Ireland First Division plus the ninth placed team from the Premier Division.
Neville Eugenton Staple (born 11 April 1955) is a Jamaica-born English singer for the 2-tone ska band The Specials as well as his own band, The Neville Staple Band.
He also sang with Ranking Roger in Special Beat.
Neville left Jamaica to live in the English town of Rugby, Warwickshire at the age of five but later moved to Coventry.
He was initially active in the sound system scene, forming his own crew called "Jah Baddis".
Neville was a regular fixture at the Locarno ballroom in Coventry where he met the resident DJ there, Pete Waterman.
Pete wrote the foreword to Neville's biography – "Original Rude Boy" – and briefly managed The Specials.
He initially joined as their roadie but at a gig supporting The Clash, Neville took to the stage and never looked back.
For a while, The Specials were managed by The Clash's manager Bernard Rhodes of whom Neville toasted "Bernie Rhodes knows don't argue" at the beginning of the Specials hit single "Gangsters"..
However he has said in an interview that the lyric is actually "Bernie Rhodes Nose" rather than "knows" as the size of their managers nose was always a topic of great amusement amongst the band members.
Neville sang lead vocals on some tracks or additional and backing vocals alongside Terry Hall's lead.
His early vocal style was mostly toasting or chanting over a rhythm - a forerunner of rapping which was brought to Britain in the 1960s by musicians from Jamaica.
Neville honed his toasting skills on the sound-system scene in Coventry during the 1970s, on his cousin's 'Messenger Sound', then later his own system called 'Jah Baddis'.
He also began singing with the Specials and contributed to writing many of their songs, but rarely got credit.
When he joined the Coventry Automatics, the line-up already included Jerry Dammers, Horace Panter and Silverton Hutchinson on drums.
Terry Hall subsequently came in as vocalist, replacing Tim Strickland, and Roddy Radiation joined on lead guitar.
John Bradbury would later take over on drums from Silverton.
Neville participated in a reunion line-up of The Specials from 1993 to 2001, and again from 2009 to 2012, when he left the band due to mostly personal reasons, as well as some health concerns.
They had a string of chart hits, some in collaboration with the all-female trio Bananarama.
This was in response to the huge explosion of interest in ska in the United States, the so-called "Third Wave" of ska.
Neville moved to California in the 1990s to work with many of these new American ska acts.
Bands he collaborated with included No Doubt, Rancid and Unwritten Law.
Neville also featured on the song "Explosive" by the Canadian ska band, The Planet Smashers.
In 2000, Staple's re-recordings of hits by The Specials and Fun Boy Three were released as The Very Best of the Specials and Fun Boy Three, though without being prominently labelled as a solo work by Staple.
In 2004, Neville returned to the UK and formed "The Neville Staple Band", releasing the critically acclaimed album The Rude Boy Returns, with contributions from Clash guitar man Mick Jones and Damned drummer Rat Scabies, with Flipron's Joe Atkinson's on organ.
The group featured former members of the British ska band Bad Manners with Warren Middleton (Trombone) - later replaced by Spencer Hague) Stephen Armstrong (Bass Guitar) Joe Atkinson (from Flipron, Keyboards/Organ) and Matty Bane (Drums) Billy Shinbone (Guitar) Patrick Pretorius (from The Talks - occasionally deputises on drums).
Andy Perriss (Guitar & MD) - Who in Dec 2013, decided to leave the band after more than 12 years, returned to the music business in 2016 after a short break to join The Beat (feat.
Ranking Roger) Billy Shinbone succeeded Andy on guitar in 2014.
Neville's wife/manager Christine Sugary Staple began performing with the band from 2015/16.
Since 2004, Neville has relentlessly toured the UK, Europe, The Middle East, Australia & New Zealand with his own band, as well as several successful tours and shows alongside Ranking Roger of The Beat and Pauline Black of The Selecter as Special Beat and Legends of Ska.
He also helped to launch the career of Johnny Zee (aka Taz of Stereo Nation) of Bollywood music fame, after managing and producing for him early on.
Neville produced and released The Rudeboy Returns album the same year.
In 2013 Neville produced a new album called 'Ska Crazy' with his band for release May 2014, which includes old ska classic covers and brand new material.
His wife Christine Staple and long time friend Daddy Woody, a Jamaican DJ/Artist, also provide vocals on the album.
Neville has also worked on various collaborations with 'The Mutants' (Rhythm and Punk Review) including co-writing 4 tracks on the album – (one of them co-written with his wife Christine), 'The Talks' and Flipron as well as tracks with 'The Dub Pistols' (release 2014) and 'Duplex'.
In 2015 Neville produced 'Rudegirl Sounds' by Christine Sugary Staple as well as began more production projects including a new album with his band other musician friends.
In 2016 onwards, Neville has continued to collaborate with other artists, including Save Ferris, The Rifffs, Jessy Greene, Save Ferris and Ed Rome; and has toured extensively across the UK, Europe, Australia and will tour Hong Kong and the US in 2017-2018.
His latest album 'Return of Judge Roughneck' was released in Feb 2017 and was co-produced with Tom Lowry from Planet Studios and wife Christine Sugary Staple, who also co-writes and performs songs with Neville.
The lead track video was premiered by Vive Le Rock Magazine and the album received rave reviews.
Neville Staple recreated his famous Judge Roughneck character, first seen as part of the ‘Stupid Marriage’ song from the Specials debut album on 2Tone Records.
The album includes classic Jamaican early reggae tunes, ska stomping rhythms and new tracks with echoes of 2Tone and Bluebeat mixed with Trojan music styles.
Part 2 of the album is a dub journey with atmospheric vibes, toasting fun and twisted song versions.
Another joint album with Christine Sugary Staple is due to be released later in 2017/18 which includes collaborations with other artists, including Roddy 'Radiation' Byers (former band mate of The Specials).
The same month also saw the launch of his biography Original Rude Boy published by Aurum Press.
The book covers Neville's involvement with the 1970s sound system scene and childhood in Jamaica.
Then how a chance encounter with Jerry Dammers and The Specials led to his involvement in that band and Fun Boy Three.
Neville collaborated with former BBC journalist Tony McMahon on the book and both are registered with the Blake Friedmann literary agency.
Khakasski Nature Reserve () (also Khakassky) is a Russian 'zapovednik' (strict nature reserve) covering two large mountain areas (alpine and mountain-steppe), and a cluster of seven steppe sites located within the left bank of the Minusinsk depression.
The reserve is situated in the Tashtypsky District of Khakassia.
It was originally created to preserve steppe ecosystems, wetlands and waterfowl nesting sites, and a historical complex of monuments and cemeteries from the 4-11 centuries BC.
The reserve is particularly noted for its variety of large lakes on the Yenisei River migration route for birds.
The current configuration of protected sectors was established in 1999, and covers a total area of .
The Minusinsk Depression is a low plain between the Kuznetsk Alatau mountain range to the west, and the Sayan mountains to the east.
The Khakassia steppe, which is part of the Altai-Sayan mountain region, has characteristics of mountain steppes.
A salt lake with a surface area of 39.5 km2, Lake Shira has a public access section that supports beaches and medicinal spas (the water has a very high magnesium content).
The lake is covered with ice from late November to April.
Lake Bele (ru:Белё) (5,285 hectares).
The largest mineral lake in Eastern Siberia (52 km2), Bele is 8 km north of Lake Shira.
The surrounding terrain rises up to 240 meters above the lake surface, and there is some fir and spruce on the generally hilly steppe landscape.
Like Lake Shira, Bele has no outflow and only one small river for inflow.
The level of mineralization is 9-14 g/liter of water (about 1/3 the density of seawater.
The reserve covers the north, southeast and southwest portions of the lake.
Bele's waters contain an aboriginal population of Bele perch.
Lake Itkul (ru:Иткуль (озеро, Хакасия)) (5,547 hectares).
Located 3 km southwest of Lake Shira, but 100 meters higher.
Itkul is a freshwater lake, unlike Shira or Bele which are alkaline.
The shores are sandy, or small gravel.
Surroundings are gentle hills, and the southern shore has some covering of larch forest.
Oglakhty (ru:Оглахты) (2,590 hectares).
Oglakhty is a lowland ridge with a pronounced cuesta (sloped) formation, having an uplift of 100–150 meters.
The rock is mostly sedimentary of the lower Carboniferous; there are some stands of birch but overall the terrain is steppe.
This sector includes a burial complex of the Tashtyk culture from the first century CE.
Most of the 15 km ridge, which runs along the Krasnoyarsk Reservoir, is part of the Khakasski reserve.
Kamyzyaksky steppe and Lake Ulug-Kol (ru:Камызякская степь) (4,789 hectares).
Steppe ridge, with a small shallow lake that is endorheic with  bitter-salty water.
The lake has mud-flats on its shores and is a breeding place for a wide variety of waterfowl.
Podzaploty (ru:Подзаплотные болота) (5,181 hectares).
Steppe terrain.
Hol-Bogaz (ru:Хол-Богаз) (2,499 hectares).
Steppe and mountain-steppe region in a spur of the Kuznetsky Alatau range.
Along the "Small Abakan River", in mountainous terrain south of the steppe sectors of the Khakassi reserve.
This sector was originally formed as a separate reserve in 1993 to protect pristine mountain pine taiga to serve as a benchmark for the study of the effects of logging.
It was also designated as a site for the resettlement of sable.
Zaimka Lykovykh (ru:) (142,441 hectares).
Contains the preserved homestead of Lykov family of Old Believers, who lived in the remote area far from civilization until well into the 20th century.
It lies between the Siberian taiga to the north and the Mongolian steppe to the south.
This ecoregion is characterized by mountains desiccated with river valleys, high levels of precipitation, and high biodiversity.
Flora is generally dependent on the elevation and terrain, with forests having three main subzones based on altitude: light needle-leaf sparse taiga, dark needle-leaf taiga, and dark taiga.
The climate of Khakasski is Subarctic climate, without dry season (Köppen climate classification Subartic climate (Dfc)).
This climate is characterized by mild summers (only 1-3 months above ) and cold, snowy winters (coldest month below ).
In the steppe areas of the Khakassi reserve, average temperatures range from  in January, to  in July.
Average precipitation per year is 250 – 350 mm, although this can range up to 500 mm in the forested areas.
Average frost-free period per year is 110–120 days.
In the mountainous sectors of Khakassi, temperatures about 2 C degrees cooler, and precipitation ranges up to 800 - 1,100 mm/year with a frost-free period of only 85 days.
In the steppe area, the typical landscape features shores of developed upland meadows, with small larch groves and birch, and thickets of steppe shrubs.
Where rivers enter the lakes are narrow strips of reed swamps, saline steppes and meadows.
The reserve has recorded more than 852 species of vascular plants in the steppe areas.
The mountain taiga sectors to the south are about 80 covered with coniferous forests, with smaller communities of dark-coniferous-birch forest.
All told, the various sectors of the reserve have recorded 1195 species of vascular plants, from 429 genera and 105 families.
The animal life of the reserve is characteristic of the northern Sayan mountain steppe and forest region.
Characteristics mammals of the steppe are the steppe lemming, vole, and common field mouse.
Larger mammals are the hare, fox and deer.
Scientists on the reserve have recorded 52 species of mammals and 295 species of birds.
32 species of fish are resident, with chum salmon and trout recently having been reintroduced to Lake Bele.
There are several 'ecotourist' routes in the reserve, however, that are open to the public.
These require permits to be obtained in advance.
On the Lake Itkul sector there is an 18 km bike trail, and a 14 km bird-watching trail with observation platforms.
The reserve sponsors a Nature Museum that is open to the public.
The main office is in the city of Abakan.
Events in the year 1911 in Spain.
June 7 - Carlos Fernández Shaw.
July 4 - José Espasa Anguera.
The Burton is a historic apartment building located at Indianapolis, Indiana.
It was built in 1920, and is a two-story, Spanish Colonial Revival style stuccoed building on a raised basement.
It features a semicircular metal arched entrance hood, stepped gables, and a red tile roof.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
In the United Kingdom, independent schools (also private schools) are fee-charging private schools, governed by an elected board of governors and independent of many of the regulations and conditions that apply to state-funded schools.
For example, pupils do not have to follow the National Curriculum.
Many of the older, expensive and more exclusive schools catering for the 13–18 age-range in England and Wales are known as public schools as defined by the Public Schools Act 1868, the term "public" being derived from the fact that they were then open to pupils regardless of where they lived or their religion (while in many other countries a public school is run by the state or municipality).
Prep (preparatory) schools educate younger children up to the age of 13 to "prepare" them for entry to the public schools and other independent schools.
Some former grammar schools converted to an independent fee-paying model following the 1965 Circular 10/65 which marked the end of their state funding; others converted into comprehensive schools.
There are around 2,600 independent schools in the UK, which educate around 615,000 children, some 7 per cent of all British children and 18 per cent of pupils over the age of 16.
In addition to charging tuition fees, many also benefit from gifts, charitable endowments and charitable status.
Many of these schools are members of the Independent Schools Council.
In 2017, the average annual cost for private schooling was £14,102 for day school and £32,259 for boarding school.
These schools were founded as part of the church and were under its complete dominion.
However, during the late 14th and early 15th centuries the first schools independent of the church were founded.
Winchester and Oswestry were the first of their kind, and paved the way for the establishment of the modern "Public school".
These were often established for male scholars from poor or disadvantaged backgrounds; however, English law has always regarded education as a charitable end in itself, irrespective of poverty.
The transformation of free charitable foundations into institutions which sometimes charge fees came about readily: the foundation would only afford minimal facilities, so that further fees might be charged to lodge, clothe and otherwise maintain the scholars, to the private profit of the trustees or headmaster.
Also, facilities already provided by the charitable foundation for a few scholars could profitably be extended to further paying pupils.
(Some schools still keep their foundation scholars in a separate house from other pupils.)
After a time, such fees would eclipse the original charitable income, and the original endowment would naturally become a minor part of the capital benefactions enjoyed by the school.
In 2009 senior boarding schools were charging fees of between £16,000 and nearly £30,000 per annum.
However, a majority of the independent schools today are still registered as a charity, and many bursaries are available to students on a means test basis.
Christ's Hospital in Horsham is an example: a large proportion of its students are funded by its charitable foundation or by various benefactors.
Edward Thring of Uppingham School introduced major reforms, focusing on the importance of the individual and competition, as well as the need for a "total curriculum" with academia, music, sport and drama being central to education.
Most public schools developed significantly during the 18th and 19th centuries, and came to play an important role in the development of the Victorian social elite.
Under a number of forward-looking headmasters leading public schools created a curriculum based heavily on classics and physical activity for boys and young men of the upper and upper middle classes.
They were schools for the gentlemanly elite of Victorian politics, armed forces and colonial government.
Often successful businessmen would send their sons to a public school as a mark of participation in the elite.
Much of the discipline was in the hands of senior pupils (usually known as prefects), which was not just a means to reduce staffing costs, but was also seen as vital preparation for those pupils' later roles in public or military service.
More recently heads of public schools have been emphasising that senior pupils now play a much reduced role in disciplining.
To an extent, the public school system influenced the school systems of the British Empire, and recognisably "public" schools can be found in many Commonwealth countries.
The Direct Grant Grammar Schools (Cessation of Grant) Regulations 1975 required these schools to choose between full state funding as comprehensive schools and full independence.
As a result, 119 of these schools became independent.
Pupil numbers at independent schools fell slightly during the mid-1970s recession.
At the same time participation at all secondary schools grew dramatically, so that the share of the independent sector fell from a little under 8 per cent in 1964 to reach a low of 5.7 per cent in 1978.
Both these trends were reversed during the 1980s, and the share of the independent schools reached 7.5 per cent by 1991.
The changes since 1990 have been less dramatic, participation falling to 6.9 per cent by 1996 before increasing very slightly after 2000 to reach 7.2 per cent in 2012.
In 2015, the figure has fallen back to 6.9 per cent with the absolute number of pupils attending independent schools falling everywhere in England apart from in the South East.
In England the schools account for a slightly higher percentage than in the UK as a whole.
According to a 2010 study by Ryan & Sibetia, "the proportion of pupils attending independent schools in England is currently 7.2 per cent (considering full-time pupils only)".
Most of the larger independent schools are either full or partial boarding schools, although many are now predominantly day schools; by contrast there are only a few dozen state boarding schools.
Boarding-school traditions give a distinctive character to British independent education, even in the case of day-pupils.
A high proportion of independent schools,  particularly the larger and older institutions, have charitable status.
Those schools in England which are members of the affiliated organisations of the ISC are inspected by the Independent Schools Inspectorate under a framework agreed between ISC, the Government's Department for Education (DfE) and the Office for Standards in Education (Ofsted).
Independent Schools not affiliated to the ISC in England may be inspected by either School Inspection Service or Bridge Schools' Trust.
Independent schools accredited to the ISC in Scotland and Wales and Northern Ireland or others in England out with the inspectorial bodies listed above are inspected through the national inspectorates in each country.
Although many of the Scottish independent schools are members of the ISC they are also represented by the Scottish Council of Independent Schools, recognised by the Scottish Parliament as the body representing private schools in Scotland.
Unlike England, all Scottish independent schools are subject to the same regime of inspections by Education Scotland as local authority schools and they have to register with the Learning Directorate.
The 9 largest Scottish independent schools, with 1,000 or more pupils, are George Watson's College, Hutcheson's Grammar School, Robert Gordon's College, George Heriot's School, St Aloysius' College, The Glasgow Academy, Dollar Academy, the High School of Glasgow and the High School of Dundee.
Historically, in Scotland, it was common for children destined for private schools to receive their primary education at a local school.
This arose because of Scotland's long tradition of state-funded education, which was spearheaded by the Church of Scotland from the seventeenth century, long before such education was common in England.
Independent prep schools only became more widespread in Scotland from the late 19th century (usually attached to an existing secondary private school, though exceptions such as Craigclowan Preparatory School and Cargilfield Preparatory School do exist), though they are still much less prevalent than in England.
They are, however, currently gaining in numbers..
In modern times however many of the secondary pupils in Scotland's private schools will have fed in from the school's own fee-paying primary school, therefore there is considerable competition facing pupils from state primary schools who seek to enter a private school at secondary stage, via entrance examinations.
The principal forms of selection are financial, in that the pupil's family must be able to pay the school fees, and academic, with many administering their own entrance exams - some also require that the prospective student undergo an interview, and credit may also be given for musical, sporting or other talent.
Entrance to some schools is more or less restricted to pupils whose parents practice a particular religion, or schools may require all pupils to attend religious services.
Nowadays most schools pay little regard to family connections, apart from siblings currently at the school.
Only a small minority of parents can afford school fees averaging over £23,000 per annum for boarding pupils and £11,000 for day pupils, with additional costs for uniform, equipment and extra-curricular facilities.
Scholarships and means-tested bursaries to assist the education of the less well-off are usually awarded by a process which combines academic and other criteria.
Independent schools are generally academically selective, using the competitive Common Entrance Examination at ages 11–13.
Schools often offer scholarships to attract abler pupils (which improves their average results); the standard sometimes approaches the General Certificate of Secondary Education (GCSE) intended for age 16.
Poorly-performing pupils may be required to leave, and following GCSE results can be replaced in the sixth form by a new infusion of high-performing sixth-form-only pupils, which may distort apparent results.
On the other hand, pupils performing poorly cannot legally be excluded from a state school for this reason alone.
As boarding schools are fully responsible for their pupils throughout term-time, pastoral care is an essential part of independent education, and many independent schools teach their own distinctive ethos, including social aspirations, manners and accents, associated with their own school traditions.
Many pupils aspire to send their own children to their old schools in their historical buildings, over successive generations.
Most offer sporting, musical, dramatic and art facilities, sometimes at extra charges, although often with the benefit of generations of past investment.
Educational achievement is generally very good.
Independent school pupils are four times more likely to attain an A* at GCSE than their non-selective state sector counterparts and twice as likely to attain an A grade at A-level.
A much higher proportion go to university.
Some schools specialise in particular strengths, whether academic, vocational or artistic, although this is not as common as it is in the State sector.
Independent schools are able to set their own discipline regime, with much greater freedom to exclude children, primarily exercised in the wider interests of the school: the most usual causes being drug-taking, whether at school or away, or an open rejection of the school's values, such as dishonesty or violence.
In England and Wales there are no requirements for teaching staff to have Qualified Teacher Status or to be registered with the General Teaching Council.
In Scotland a teaching qualification and registration with the General Teaching Council for Scotland (GTCS) is mandatory for all teaching positions.
The report calculated that independent schools support an £11.7 billion contribution to gross value added (GVA) in Britain.
This figure is arrived at by summing the saving to the taxpayer by not having to provide school places to 620,000 pupils, the value of the jobs created by the independent schools, the tax revenue created, directly and indirectly, by the independent sector, and the economic contribution of their alumni.
However, the treatment of the state sector as homogeneous in nature is difficult to support.
The spectrum of state schools, their intake and performance, is enormous, going from "super selective", selective, right down to what Newsam referred to as "sub secondary modern".
Although grammar schools are rare, some of them are highly selective, and state-funded boarding schools charge substantial fees, which may introduce further barriers to entry.
Even comprehensive schools may be effectively selective because only wealthier families can afford to live in their catchment area; and it may be argued that the variation in performance of state schools is much wider than that between the better state and grammar schools and the independent sector.
Going some way to countering the charge of exclusivity, a large number (c. one third) of independent schools provide assistance with fees to some pupils.
The Thatcher government introduced the Assisted Places Scheme in England and Wales in 1980, whereby the state paid the school fees for those pupils capable of gaining a place but unable to afford the fees.
This was essentially a response to the decision of the previous Labour government in the mid-1970s to remove government funding of direct grant grammar schools, most of which then became independent schools; some Assisted Places pupils went to the former direct-grant schools such as Manchester Grammar School.
The scheme was terminated by the Labour government in 1997, and since then the independent sector has moved to increase its own means-tested bursaries.
The former classics-based curriculum was also criticised for not providing skills in sciences or engineering, but was perhaps in response to the requirement of classics for entry to Oxbridge until the early 1960s, as well as a hangover from centuries ago when only Latin and Greek were taught at many public schools.
It was Martin Wiener's opposition to this tendency which inspired his 1981 book English Culture and the Decline of the Industrial Spirit: 1850-1980.
It became a huge influence on the Thatcher government's opposition to old-school gentlemanly Toryism.
Nowadays, independent school pupils have "the highest rates of achieving grades A or B in A-level maths and sciences" compared to grammar, specialist and mainstream state schools, and pupils at independent schools account for a disproportionate number of the total number of A-levels in maths and sciences.
Some parents complain that their rights and their children's are compromised by vague and one-sided contracts which allow Heads to use discretionary powers unfairly, such as in expulsion on non-disciplinary grounds.
They believe independent schools have not embraced the principles of natural justice as adopted by the state sector, and private law as applied to Higher Education.
This belief is reinforced by the fact that the legal rights of pupils are governed by a private contract, as opposed to rights implemented by the national government.
For instance, a pupil seeking admission to a state school that is rejected is legally entitled to appeal, whereas at an independent school admissions are at the discretion of the governing body of the school.
In 2006, pupils at fee-paying schools made up 43 per cent of those selected for places at Oxford University and 38 per cent of those granted places at Cambridge University (although such pupils represent only 18 per cent of the 16 years old plus school population).
However, the progression of pupils to Russell Group universities, including Oxbridge, is complex.
For example, many independent schools (and most of the prestigious schools) take pupils at thirteen, so they would be expected to attract the strongest applicants from many feeder schools, provided the pupils are wealthy enough to afford the fees or receive funding.
This is estimated to save the schools about £200 per pupil and to cost the Exchequer about £100 million in tax breaks, assuming that an increase in fees would not result in any transfer of pupils from private to maintained sector.
Since the Charities Act was passed in November 2006, charitable status is based on an organisation providing a "public benefit", as judged by the Charity Commission.
In 2008, the Charity Commission published guidance, including guidance on public benefit and fee charging, setting out issues to be considered by charities charging high fees that many people could not afford.
The Independent Schools Council was granted permission by the High Court to bring a judicial review of the Charity Commission’s public benefit guidance as it affected the independent education sector.
This was heard by the Upper Tribunal at the same time as a reference by the Attorney General asking the Tribunal to consider how the public benefit requirement should operate in relation to fee-charging charitable schools.
The Upper Tribunal's decision, published on 14 October 2011, concluded that in all cases there must be more than de minimis or token benefit for the poor, but that trustees of a charitable independent school should decide what was appropriate in their particular circumstances.
The Charity Commission accordingly published revised public benefit guidance in 2013.
In Scotland, under the Charities and Trustee Investment Act (Scotland), there is an entirely separate test of charitable status, overseen by the Office of the Scottish Charity Regulator, which assesses the public benefit provided by each registered school charity.
The most commonly given amount of extra exam time is 25%.
Such 'exam access' arrangements are given for a range of disablities and educational special needs such as dyslexia, dyspraxia and ADHD.
Their study confirmed that the internationally recognized phenomenon whereby “children from more advantaged class backgrounds have higher levels of educational attainment than children from less-advantaged class backgrounds" persists at university level in the United Kingdom.
The authors noted "a very well-determined and monotonically positive effect defined over Social Classes I to V" whereby, for both men and women, "ceteris paribus, academic performance at university is better the more advantaged is the student's home background".
but they also observed that a student educated at an independent school was on average 6 per cent less likely to receive a first or an upper second class degree than a student from the same social class background, of the same gender, who had achieved the same A-level score at a state school.
The averaged effect was described as very variable across the social class and A-level attainment of the candidates; it was "small and not strongly significant for students with high A-level scores" (i.e.
for students at the more selective universities) and "statistically significant mostly for students from lower occupationally-ranked social-class backgrounds".
Additionally, the study could not take into account the effect of a slightly different and more traditional subject mix studied by independent students at university on university achievement.
Despite these caveats, the paper attracted much press attention.
The same study found wide variations between independent school, suggesting that students from a few of them were in fact significantly more likely to obtain the better degrees than state students of the same gender and class background having the same A-level score.
In 2011, a subsequent study led by Richard Partington at Cambridge University showed that A-level performance is "overwhelmingly" the best predictor for exam performance in the earlier years ("Part I") of the undergraduate degree at Cambridge.
Partington's summary specified that "questions of school background and gender" ... "make only a marginal difference and the pattern – particularly in relation to school background – is in any case inconsistent."
A study commissioned by the Sutton Trust and published in 2010 focussed mainly on the possible use of US-style SAT tests as a way of detecting a candidate's academic potential.
Its findings confirmed those of the Smith & Naylor study in that it found that privately educated pupils who, despite their educational advantages, have only secured a poor A-level score, and who therefore attend less selective universities, do less well than state educated degree candidates with the same low A-level attainment.
In addition, as discussed in the 2010 Buckingham report "HMC Schools: a quantitative analysis", because students from state schools tended to be admitted on lower A-level entry grades, relative to entry grades it could be claimed that these students had improved more.
A countervailing finding of the Sutton Trust study was that for students of a given level of A-level attainment it is almost twice as difficult to get a first at the most selective universities than at those on the other end of the scale.
Independent sector schools regularly dominate the top of the A-level league tables, and their students are more likely to apply to the most selective universities; as a result independent sector students are particularly well represented at these institutions, and therefore only the very ablest of them are likely to secure the best degrees.
In 2013 the Higher Education Funding Council for England published a study  noting, amongst other things, that a greater percentage of students who had attended an independent school prior to university achieved a first or upper second class degree compared with students from state schools.
Out of a starting cohort of 24,360 candidates having attended an independent school and 184,580 having attended a state school, 64.9 per cent of the former attained a first or upper second class degree, compared to 52.7 per cent of the latter.
However, no statistical comparisons of the two groups (State vs Independent) were reported, with or without controls for student characteristics such as entry qualifications, so no inferences can be drawn on the relative performance of the two groups.
The stand-out finding of the study was that Independent School students over-achieved in obtaining graduate jobs and study, even when student characteristics were allowed for (sex, ethnicity, school type, entry qualifications, area of study).
In 2015, the UK press widely reported the outcome of research suggesting that graduates from state schools that have attained similar A level grades go on to achieve higher undergraduate degree classes than their independent school counterparts.
The quoted figures, based on the degree results of all students who graduated in 2013/14, suggested that 82 per cent of state school pupils got firsts or upper seconds compared with 73 per cent of those from independent schools.
Later, HEFCE admitted that that it had made a transposition error, and that in fact, 73 per cent of state school graduates gained a first or upper second class degree compared with 82 per cent of independent school graduates.
This admission attracted far less publicity than the original erroneous assertion.
Across all English universities, state school students who scored two Bs and a C at A-level did on average eight per cent better at degree level than their privately educated counterparts.
However, two Bs and a C represents an entry tariff of 112, well below the average demanded by any of the UK's Russell Group universities.
FAD reductase (NADH) (, NADH-FAD reductase, NADH-dependent FAD reductase) is an enzyme with systematic name FADH2:NAD+ oxidoreductase.
Svend Samuelson (January 24, 1825 – January 15, 1891) was an American farmer and politician.
Samuelson was born in Christiana, Norway.
In 1854, he emigrated to the United States and settled in the town of Liberty, Manitowoc County, Wisconsin.
He served as the Liberty town clerk and was a farmer.
He served in the 15th Wisconsin Volunteer Regiment during the American Civil War.
Samuelson served in the Wisconsin Assembly in 1871 and was a Republican.
In 1875, Samuelson moved to Sturgeon Bay, Wisconsin.
He died in Sturgeon Bay, Wisconsin.
The Limoniinae are a paraphyletic assemblage of genera within the crane flies, Tipulidae, although they can usually be distinguished by the way the wings are held at rest.
Limoniines usually hold/fold the wings along the back of the body, whereas other tipulids usually hold them out at right angles.
Snow flies (genus: Chionea) such as Chionea scita have no wings at all.
Limoniines are also usually smaller than other tipulids, with some exceptions.
Limoniinae are a very large assemblage with nearly 10500 described species in 133 genera, and were historically treated as a subfamily, but their classification is in flux; numerous authors recently treated the group at the rank of family, but subsequent phylogenetic analyses revealed that the remaining groups of tipulids render the group paraphyletic.
These flies are found in damp places throughout the world, and many species form dense swarms in suitable habitats.
The proboscis or rostrum lacks a beak.
The apical segment of  the maxillary palpi is short and never longer than subapical one.
The antennae are, in most species, 14- or 16-segmente (rarely 6-, 10-, or 17-segmented), usually verticillate (whorls of trichia) and only exceptionally ctenidial or serrate (Rhipidia).
There is a distinct V-shaped suture between the mesonotal prescutum and scutum (near the level of the wing bases).
The wings are monochromatic or punctate and (in females more often than in males).
sometimes shortened or reduced.
The subcosta always fuses with the costa  through Sc1.
Radial vein R2 does not fuse with the costa, as in most other Tipulidae, but with radial vein R3.
The radial sector Rs has one or two forks.Additional crossveins are sometimes present in cells r3 an1 and m. Cells m1 and d often not present.
The genitalia of males have large separated gonocoxis and one or two pairs of appendages which are sometimes greatly folded (Dicranomyia, etc.).
The ovipositor of the female has sclerotized cerci.
Most other Tipulidae larvae in comparison, are terrestrial though some are aquatic and found in huge numbers in lotic habitats like the limoniine larvae.
Various species have evolved to feed on different food sources, so phytophagous, saprophagous, mycetophagous and predatory species occur.
Limoniines occupy a wide range of habitats and micro habitats: in earth rich in humus, in swamps and marshes, in leaf litter and in wet spots in woods (numerous genera and species; in soils with only moderate humus content along stream borders (Gonomyia Meigen, Rhabdomastix Skuse, Arctoconopa Alexander, Hesperoconopa Alexander); in dry to saturated decaying wood in streams, where the larvae feed on fungal mycelia (Gnophomyia Osten Sacken, Teucholabis Osten Sacken, Lipsothrix Loew); in decaying plant materials (various subgenera and species of Limonia),in woody and fleshy  fungi (Limonia (Metalimnobia Matsumura); in fresh water, especially rapidly flowing streams (Antocha Osten Sacken, Hesperoconopa Alexander, Cryptolabis Osten Sacken); intertidal zones and brackish water (Limonia (Idioglochina Alexander, Limonia (Diuanomyia) Stephens) ; freshwater aquatic environment during the larval stage and nearby margin areas for pupation (Limonia Meigen, Thaumastoptera Mik, many Pediciini, Hexatomini, and Eriopterini); steep  cliff faces supporting a constantly wet film of algae (some species of Limonia Meigen, Orimarga Osten Sacken Elliptera Schiner); in moist to wet cushions of mosses or liverworts growing on rocks or earth (various  species).
Tipunia intermedia Krzeminski & Ansorge, 1995 from the Upper Jurassic Solnhofen limestones) suggest the family has been extant since the Jurassic period.
Self Entitled is the twelfth studio album by the American punk rock band NOFX.
It was released on September 11, 2012 through Fat Wreck Chords.
Vocalist and bassist Fat Mike revealed to The Daily Times in January 2011 that a follow-up to Coaster was in production, explaining "There are some really good songs on Coaster, but after having written 300 songs, I feel lucky I came up with them.
That's why there are songs on there about Iron Maiden and Tegan and Sara.
I'm reaching, man.
Sometimes I grab stuff just to grab stuff, and I'm going in a lot of different directions."
In December of that year, Fat Mike revealed to Phoenix New Times that he had begun work on a new NOFX album and a soundtrack to a "fetish film" called Rubber Bordello.
On February 14, 2012, Fat Mike revealed to Rolling Stone that NOFX was going to begin recording their twelfth studio album in April and added, "I've got 12 songs, but I don't have a name for it and only a few of the songs are finished.
We're demo-ing it right now."
On April 12, he posted a message on his Twitter page saying that the band was back in the studio with Bill Stevenson, who produced Wolves in Wolves' Clothing and Coaster.
The recording process of Self Entitled was finished in two-and-a-half weeks  and it was eventually announced that NOFX would release the album internationally on September 10, 2012 and in the United States on the following day.
In an interview with Punknews.org in October 2012, Fat Mike said that they had recorded 18 songs, but only 12 made the album.
The first, "My Stepdad's a Cop and My Stepmom's a Domme", was released on June 19, 2012.
It was recorded prior to the album and featured the non-album title track and a different recording of "She Didn't Lose Her Baby".
The second, "Ronnie and Mags", was released on August 14, 2012 and featured the album version of the title track and a demo version of "I Believe in Goddess".
Fred Thomas of Allmusic gave it a middling review saying, "There's nothing outstanding here but fans of the band will have no complaints, and for newcomers it's as good a starting point as any, with arguably the same ratio of clever understated brilliance to uninspired mediocrity as any other phase of their discography."
On the other hand, Jason Gardner of Absolute Punk gave the album a highly positive review stating that "NOFX take a crack at pressing matters both inwards and outwards, succeeding in not only making a seamless expression of both sides but cranking out some truly memorable jams to boot."
Fate/Zero is a 2011–2012 anime series based on the prequel light novels to Type-Moon's visual novel, Fate/stay night.
The novels are written by Gen Urobuchi, who is also known as the writer for the anime Puella Magi Madoka Magica, and illustrated by Takashi Takeuchi, co-founder and main artist of Type-Moon.
Set ten years before the events of Fate/stay night, the anime tells the story of the Fourth Holy Grail War, a secret magical tournament held in Fuyuki City, Japan where seven magicians known as Masters summon Servants, reincarnations of legendary souls and heroes from all across time, where they fight in a deadly battle royale where the winner obtains the Holy Grail, a magical legendary chalice capable of granting wishes.
Its characters include both younger versions of characters in Fate/stay night, their parents and relatives, and original characters.
Fate/Zeros main protagonist, Kiritsugu Emiya, the foster father of Fate/stay nights protagonist, Shirou Emiya, is known as a merciless mage killer who joins the tournament on behalf of his wife's family, the Einzberns.
The anime is jointly produced by Aniplex, Nitroplus, Notes, Seikaisha, and Ufotable.
It is also directed by Ei Aoki; produced by Atsuhiro Iwakami; music by Yuki Kajiura; character design by Atsushi Ikariya and Tomonori Sudou; and art, 3D, and photography directions by Koji Eto, Kōjirō Shishido, and Yuichi Terao respectively.
The anime premiered on Tokyo MX, Tochigi TV, and Gunma TV, with the first season airing from October 1 to December 24, 2011 and later dates on TV Saitama, TV Aichi, MBS, CTC, tvk, TVh, TVQ, BS11, and Kids Station.
The second season aired from April 7 to June 23, 2012.
In the first season, the opening theme song was "Oath Sign" by LiSA and the ending theme was "Memoria" by Eir Aoi.
In the second season, the opening theme song was "to the beginning" by Kalafina and the ending theme is  by Luna Haruna.
The song  by Kalafina was used as a special ending theme song in episodes 18 and 19.
The 2012–13 NCAA Division I men's ice hockey season began on October 6, 2012 and concluded with the 2013 NCAA Division I Men's Ice Hockey Tournament's championship game on April 13, 2013 at the Consol Energy Center in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
This was the 66th season in which an NCAA ice hockey championship was held and is the 118th year overall where an NCAA school fielded a team.
First place votes are in parentheses.
Color is the third studio album by Japanese group NEWS, released on November 19, 2008.
The album was released in a limited edition and regular edition.
The regular edition comes with a bonus track.
The album debuted at the number-one spot on the Oricon chart, making Color their third consecutive number-one album.
Weeeek debuted on the top of the charts with a combined sale of 262,715, giving NEWS their seventh consecutive number-one single.
Belmond Ltd. (formerly Orient-Express Hotels Ltd) is a hospitality and leisure company that operates luxury hotels, train services and river cruises worldwide.
In 2015, the company had 35 deluxe hotels, 7 tourist trains, 3 river cruises and restaurants in 22 countries.
James Sherwood then bought what was left of the legendary Orient Express train to restore it and offer rides from Paris and London to his hotel in Venice to wealthy clients, thus the former name of the company.
Much of the history of the company is documented in James Sherwood's memoir  Orient Express: A Personal Journey.
On 10 March 2014, Orient-Express Hotels Ltd was renamed Belmond, and on 1 July 2014, Belmond's holding company was also renamed Belmond Ltd.
In April 2015, Belmond Limited partnered with Irish Rail to launch the luxury train Belmond Grand Hibernian in Ireland.
In July 2016, Indian Hotels Company Limited  sold its 5.1% stake in Belmond, retaining only 0.44% of Belmond after the sale.
In December 2018, the company agreed to be acquired by LVMH in a $3.2billion transaction which closed in April 2019, thus delisting the company from the NYSE and making it 100% privately owned.
The announcement of the sale led Belmond's share to increase by 40% in a single trading day.
The company has 35 deluxe hotels, 7 tourist trains, 3 river cruises and restaurants in 22 countries (2015).
The Lord Chancellor of Scotland was a Great Officer of State in the Kingdom of Scotland.
Holders of the office are known from 1123 onwards, but its duties were occasionally performed by an official of lower status with the title of Keeper of the Great Seal.
From the 15th century, the Chancellor was normally a Bishop or a Peer.
At the Union, the Lord Keeper of the Great Seal of England became the first Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, but the Earl of Seafield continued as Lord Chancellor of Scotland until 1708.
He was re-appointed in 1713 and sat as an Extraordinary Lord of Session in that capacity until his death in 1730.
It has been argued that the office is only in abeyance and could potentially be revived.
In the event of Scottish independence, the Scottish National Party proposes that the Presiding Officer of the Scottish Parliament become Chancellor of Scotland, with additional constitutional powers during the absence of the Monarch from Scotland.
In this respect, the Chancellor would hold a role similar to that of a Governor-General in the Commonwealth realms.
Lifeline is an American science fiction drama web television series broadcast on the YouTube Red network which began October 11, 2017.
It starred Zach Gilford and Sydney Park.
Created by screenwriters Benjamin Freiburger and Grant Wheeler, the show tells the tale of an insurance agency that uses time travel to prevent the deaths of their clients.
After the company's best agent, Conner Hooks, accidentally causes his wife's death during a save-gone-bad, he attempts to find her killer while searching for a way to travel back in time and reverse history.
The first season consisted of eight episodes.
On June 4, 2018, creator Benjamin Freiburger confirmed on his Twitter account that the series would not return for a second season.
Meanwhile is a 1927 novel by H. G. Wells set in an Italian villa early in 1926.
It was chosen as an alternate selection of the recently founded Book of the Month Club and was translated into a number of languages, including Danish, Norwegian, Polish, and Czech.
In England, 30,000 copies sold within two months, and by the summer of 1929 50,000 had been sold.
In the first book, Cynthia and Philip Rylands, a wealthy British couple, are entertaining guests at Casa Terragena, an Italian villa with a famous garden on the Italian Riviera.
Among the party are a prominent author, "the great Mr. Sempack," an American aesthete, Mr. Plantagenet-Buchan, the beautiful, vivacious Lady Catherine, Col. and Mrs. Bullace, Lady Grieswold, and a number of others.
At dinner, Sempack, a brilliant talker with ideas similar to Wells's, expounds the idea that a "Great Age" is certain to come, and that contemporaries are obliged in the present to live, as it were, "meanwhile":  "Since nothing was in order, nothing was completely right.
We lived provisionally.
There was no just measure of economic worth; we had to live unjustly .... We were justified in taking life as we found it; in return if we had ease and freedom we ought to do all that we could to increase knowledge and bring the great days of a common world-order nearer, a universal justice, the real civilisation, the consummating life, the days that would justify the Martyrdom of Man."
A crisis is precipitated when Cynthia Rylands, who is pregnant with her first child, surprised her husband engaged in a dalliance "in the little bathing chalet" with one of their guests, a Miss Clarges.
She is distraught and confides in Sempack, who offers her wise advice in a long letter:  she should not forgive her husband, but rather "realize that there is nothing to forgive."
Mrs. Rylands accepts Sempack's notion that her husband's real problem is not infidelity but idleness, and the first book ends with him departing at her urging for a visit to England, where his family's vast coal holdings are at risk in the crisis that culminated in the 1926 general strike.
The novel's second "book" is dominated by Philip Rylands's letters describing the British political situation ("many of the leading participants in the strike appear in the novel without disguise") and his recruitment to the Open Conspiracy, Wells's plan for establishing a World Republic.
But it is also punctuated with a number of subplots, some comic, some dramatic.
Lady Catherine undertakes the seduction of an unwilling Mr. Sempack, but before this affair can be consummated, she flees to join a British fascist committed to fighting the class war back at home.
Mrs. McManus, a nurse from Ulster who comes to assist Mrs. Rylands in the last stages of her pregnancy, is a memorable comic character.
And Mrs. Rylands, with the help of Mrs. McManus, comes heroically to the aid of Signor Vinciguerra, a liberal Italian leader being hunted by Italian fascists in her garden; she succeeds in helping him escape to France.
Meanwhile concludes with the return of a now devoted, engagé Philip to Cynthia after she has given birth to their son.
Beatrice Webb called it an "inspiring essay."
Wells's concept of the Open Conspiracy was taken seriously in its day, and he developed it in a book-length treatment published in the following year, discussing it with Lloyd George, Harold Macmillan, Harold Nicolson, and many others.
Meanwhile is regarded variously by later critics.
Writing in the 1980s, David C. Smith considered the novel "badly neglected" and praised "excellent descriptions of the rich on the Riviera just before the deluge, as well as a poignant and sharp analysis of the fascist system under stress" and "a strong statement of the Open Conspiracy."
But Wells's most recent biographer, Michael Sherborne, judged it "not a successful novel" whose "dull characters ... share predictable views about the state of the world and engage in token romantic entanglements."
Some biographies do not mention it at all.
Jeremy Messersmith  is an American indie pop musician, based in Minneapolis, Minnesota, United States.
He began playing music in church at a young age, and counts Sandi Patti, Carman, DC Talk and Michael W. Smith amongst his earliest musical influences.
He initially played the trumpet, but was forced to stop after having dental braces installed; he then switched to guitar.
In 1999, he moved to Minneapolis to study music at North Central University.
The Alcatraz Kid also received the attention of Performing Songwriter, KCRW, and The Current.
The album's title was inspired by a man who used the name to prank-call Messersmith's workplace.
Messersmith's second album, The Silver City, was produced by Dan Wilson and features an array of pop songs ranging from the electronically inspired "Miracles" to love songs like "Love You To Pieces".
The Silver City was recognized in a press poll as the second-best album in the Twin Cities in 2008, losing out only to the rising star of hiphop act Atmosphere.
Messersmith has been featured on NPR, NPR's Car Talk, Paste Magazine, iTunes, NY Times, New York Magazine, The Wall Street Journal, Wired Magazine, BoingBoing, USA Today, My Old Kentucky Blog, Yahoo Landing Page, World Cafe Live on WXPN, Independent Film Channel, MTV's The Real World, NBC's Chuck, ABC's Ugly Betty, 2 Broke Girls (CBS), and Showtime's The United States of Tara.
His songs have appeared in a French film and a Norwegian commercial.
Messersmith's Reluctant Graveyard was named one of the Top 10 Albums of 2010 by NPR, Top 25 Videos of 2010 by Paste Magazine, and also won the Star Tribune'''s Critics' Poll for Best Local Artist.
His video for the Star Wars-themed "Tatooine" went viral, with Messersmith receiving national press in several publications.
He has opened for President Barack Obama and Vice President Joe Biden on separate occasions.
In the fall of 2012, Messersmith embarked on a "Supper Club Tour" in which he combined Pot Luck Dinners with Living Room Shows, selling out shows across the country.
In 2013, he signed with Glassnote Records for his forthcoming release, Heart Murmurs, which was released in February 2014.
He also toured extensively, playing with Tom O'Dell, Daughter, BOY, and Brett Dennen.
The lead track from the album, Tourniquet, was featured on The Current, WXPN, NPR's Here & Now, and Time Magazine, where Messersmith was named one of 14 artists to look out for in 2014.
In 2014, Messersmith appeared on the radio variety show Wits alongside comedian Maria Bamford and host John Moe at the College of St. Benedict in St. Joseph, Minnesota.
In 2017, he released a digital-only songbook, 11 Obscenely Optimistic Songs For Ukulele: A Micro-Folk Record For The 21st Century And Beyond, which could be downloaded for free from his website.
Regarding the release of his own versions of the songs, he wrote, "The audio will be released in mid April.
I just wanted people to experience the songs with their own voices first."
In early 2018, Messersmith released "Purple Hearts", the first single off his 5th full-length studio album, Late Stage Capitalism.
In a press release, he elaborated on the narrative of his single, describing it as "two people on opposite sides of a cultural divide, who are experiencing the loneliness and disconnection of modern society in the form of the worst first date of all time.
For a pop tune, that concept is a giant bummer.
So I went full Bacharach to lift the lyrics above the dread, and coated the song with a generous layer of 1960s orchestral schmaltz, which I find irresistibly euphoric.
So much so that I even dusted off my trumpet from middle school to take a solo during the instrumental break."
The 2019 World Junior Ice Hockey Championship Division II consisted of two tiered groups of six teams each: the fourth-tier Division II A and the fifth-tier Division IIB.
For each tier, the team which places first promoted to the next highest division, while the team which places last relegated to a lower division.
The tournaments are a round-robin tournament format, with two points allotted for a win, one additional point for a regulation win, and one point for an overtime or game winning shots loss.
To be eligible as a junior, a player cannot be born earlier than 1999.
Division II A was held in Tallinn, Estonia, while Division IIB was hosted in Zagreb, Croatia.
Donja Voća is a municipality in Croatia in the Varaždin County.
According to the 2011 census, there are 2,443 inhabitants.
Shaibu Mahama is a Ghanaian politician and member of the Seventh Parliament of the Fourth Republic of Ghana representing the Daboya-Mankarigu Constituency in the Northern Region on the ticket of the National Democratic Congress.
He hails from Daboya, a town in the Northern Region of Ghana.
He entered Leicester Business School, UK and obtained his Master of Business Administration degree in finance in the year 2001.
He also attended University of Cape Coast,Ghana and obtained Bachelor of Commerce with Diploma in Education in the 1997.
He also attended Kwame Nkrumah University of Science and Technology and Ghana School of Law in the year 2008 and 2010 respectively.
In 2012, he contested for the Daboya-Mankarigu seat on the ticket of the NDC sixth parliament of the fourth republic and won.
He is a  Lawyer.
Smoky whiskey is whiskey that is flavored by burning peat moss to infuse the grain, while also drying the malted barley to stop full germination from taking place.
The peat smoke contains phenolic compounds, whose presence in the barley is measured in phenol parts per million, which is not an entirely reliable measurement of how much peat actually ends up in the whisky, since smoky phenols can be lost in various stages of whiskymaking and maturation.
The most common kind of smoky whiskey is single malt scotch, especially those whiskies originating in Islay.
King Henry VIII School is a coeducational independent school located in Coventry, England, comprising a senior school (ages 11–18) and associated preparatory school (ages 3–11).
The senior school has approximately 800 pupils (120 in each of years 7–11 and 100 in each year of the Sixth Form).
The current fees stand at £12,000 per year, with bursaries and scholarships available.
Due to its location close to Coventry's railway station,  the school accommodates pupils from around the West Midlands area, including towns at 30 miles' distance, such as Northampton, Warwick, Balsall Common, Leamington Spa, Kenilworth, Rugby and Nuneaton.
The school is situated on an  urban site.
The buildings are an imposing example of Victorian collegiate architecture.
Numerous additional facilities modernise the of campus, including a new art complex, drama studio, sports hall, library and, most recently, a swimming pool and fitness suite.
In 2015 an extension was also added to the library aiming to provide older students with an area for solitary study.
The Junior school has its own building on the same site but the preparatory school is located on a different site entirely, a few minutes away.
Although the school is Christian, cultural and religious diversity are heavily engrained in the school's ethos.
Pupils are also encouraged to take part in extra-curricular activities including sports played at county, regional and national levels, music, drama, Duke of Edinburgh's Award scheme, public speaking, chess and a variety of additional academic societies.
The school is run by the Coventry School Foundation, a registered charity, and jointly administered with Bablake School under a common Board of Governors.
The schools have mutual arrangements such as a common entrance examination, shared astroturf pitches, and similar school uniforms, differing only in the style of tie and the badge on the blazer.
The Coventry School Foundation also includes the new Bablake Junior School and King Henry VIII Preparatory School, formed from the merger of Coventry Preparatory School with King Henry VIII Junior School from the beginning of the 2008/9 academic year.
The two school sites remain in use by the preparatory school, with the Reception to Y3 classes occupying the old Coventry Preparatory site, which is known as Swallows, in honour of the school's founder.
The Y4 to Y6 classes occupy the former King Henry VIII Junior School site, adjacent to the senior school, which is known as Hales in honour of that school's founder.
With effect from September 2008, King Henry VIII School began to offer continuity of education from ages 3 to 18.
During the initial foundation of the school it was located in the Whitefriars’ Monastery.
Nevertheless, due to religious differences, the school was relocated to the building of the former St. John's Hospital in 1558, where it spent more than 300 years before moving to its present site on the south side of the city in 1885, a building there having been designed for it by Edward Burgess.
Much of this original redbrick still stands despite war damage, as well as many expansions.
In 1572 the school's administration was conveyed to the Coventry Corporation.
It is interesting to mention that in 1573, a deed was legalised by the Mayor of Coventry, according to which, generous endowments were allocated to the school, which were used for the school's overall maintenance, but more particularly, for the sustenance of music as part of the educational curriculum, as the School was the only Grammar school which emphasised the importance of music as part of education.
The Free Grammar School offered the students a choice between as many as seventeen subjects, including Greek and Latin (Grammar), Mathematics and Music.
Between 1572 and 1600 the reputation of the School had become well known around the West Midlands area, which accounted for a large increase in the number of pupils.
The 17th century was the most prosperous period for the School, as the city of Coventry was blooming and regardless of the political and religious controversies in the country, people were finding consolation and shelter in schools.
In 1601, the School's library was established and maintained by the donations of affluent contributors, which further enhanced the reputation of the School as a leading educational institution.
Nevertheless, during the 18th century, the School experienced major decline and struggle.
Due to financial difficulties, the School was required to introduce fees to the students.
In an attempt to deal with these struggles the School was divided into two departments: Classical and Commercial.
The Commercial subjects were taught at the Schoolroom and were greatest in demand, while the Classical subjects were taught in the library and were specifically aimed at boys willing to attend the University.
Specific regulations were set for each of the departments.
The first indication of a modern school uniform was introduced as boys attending the Free Grammar School were required to wear College caps.
The implemented changes assisted in certain improvements in the performance of the school.
In 1878 the School was no longer a “Free Grammar School” and it became an independent institution after being under the administration of the Corporation and the City Authorities for 300 years.
The old school premises were condemned and the new buildings, used at the present, were established on Warwick Road in 1885.
Further improvements to the curriculum were also implemented and a wide diversity of subjects was introduced.
By 1910 the number of pupils had increased and the work and discipline in the school were greatly improved.
Over the next several years, the school continued to thrive and in 1926 the Preparatory classes were reinstated.
By 1939 the number of boys in the school had grown from 94 in 1901 to approximately 500.
The number of pupils continued to grow even during the war times (1939–1945) with over 822 students in the school, 179 of which in the Junior division.
Regardless of the damage caused by the bombings over Coventry, which diminished the school's library and other buildings, the school continued to expand and develop.
Girls were first admitted to the school in 1975.
Its loss was particularly notable since up until a change of leadership only a few years previously it had consistently dominated the house competitions, winning the overall competition almost every year for some decades.
There are around fifty events each year, across all years in the school.
They range from sporting competitions on Games’ afternoons to major Drama and Music festivals, via many after-school events, such as badminton and basketball in the Sports’ Hall and debating, chess and hockey in their specialist areas.
Students can show their paces in rugby or netball, get involved in cricket or tennis, or pit their wits at more intellectual pursuits.
At events such as inter-house music and drama festivals, they are presented with further opportunities for individual and group achievement.
The House Points system, whereby all staff can commend work, behaviour or attitude, is integrated into the competition.
The points won in each of the House events (four for first down to one for fourth) are totalled to make up the Band Trophy points, with that trophy awarded annually (the winning house of 2017/18 was Hollands).
There is a real sense of competition and belonging, fostered by the fortnightly House meetings; it is certainly the intention that every student finds an opening in House events, whether in something in which they have already enjoyed success, or taking the plunge in an entirely new activity.
King Henry VIII school is known to have a firm yet friendly rivalry with its sister school in the Coventry School Foundation – Bablake School.
Annual competitions in sports between the two schools often attract local spectators with no association to either school.
Le Fousseau is around 15 km from Fougères.
The border with Brittany is only a few kilometres to the west and that of Normandy some 20 km to the north.
The chateau was typically used for residential trips by students practising French.
With effect from September 2012, the school no longer make use of Le Fousseau.
The Coventry School Foundation took the decision in 2012 to sell the property.
In 2016 the King Henry VIII app was launched on iOS and the Google Play Store.
In 2017 a large scale advertising campaign was launched by the Senior School in the Coventry and West Midlands area in an attempt to attract new, external, enthusiastic students.
In 1999, John Skermer, a senior teacher was also convicted of taking and possessing photographs of naked boys.
In 2012, two pupils were expelled over allegations they sold drugs to other children; three other students were suspended for a term.
Debee Ashby, a teenage glamour model was expelled from the school after topless Page 3 pictures were published.
A teacher at the school, James Anstice, admitted to a charge of causing criminal damage costing £2,500 by destroying a nativity scene at Madame Tussauds featuring David and Victoria Beckham.
Terence Brain, Bishop of Salford.
Richard Baylie, President of St John's College, Oxford.
Paul Barnes, graphic designer and typographer.
Ralph Bathurst, Vice-Chancellor of Oxford University.
Colin Blakemore, author and scientist.
Nicholas Bullen, musician, composer and writer, co-founder of Napalm Death.
Joseph Butterworth, English law bookseller.
Bob Carlton, composer of the rock musical Return to the Forbidden Planet.
Andrew Copson, Chief Executive of Humanists UK and president of the International Humanist and Ethical Union.
Edward Thomas Copson, mathematician.
Jerry Dammers, Musician.
Founder Member of The Specials.
Peter Ho Davies, author.
Paul Daniel, conductor.
Sir William Dugdale, antiquary.
David Duckham, England international rugby player.
Omar Ebrahim, baritone vocalist and actor.
Jackie Fisher, 1st Baron Fisher, admiral in the Royal Navy.
Sir Frederick Gibberd, architect of Liverpool Metropolitan Cathedral.
Sir Leslie Gibson, KC, former Chief Justice of Trinidad, Palestine and Hong Kong.
Andy Goode, rugby player.
James Grindal, rugby player.
Roger Harrabin, BBC journalist and reporter.
Basil Heatley, marathon runner.
Ian Hobson, pianist.
Martin Jacques, journalist, writer and TV presenter.
Philip Larkin, Poet.
Has a room, connected to the main school hall, named after him (Philip Larkin room).
John Wilfrid Linnett, chemist and Vice-Chancellor of Cambridge University.
Christopher Marshall (doctor), Professor of Cancer Biology, Institute of Cancer Research.
David McCutchion, Indophile academic.
Eric Malpass, novelist.
Robert Paterson, Bishop of Sodor and Man.
Arthur Samuel Peake, theologian and biblical scholar.
S. S. Prawer, Taylor Professor of German Emeritus, Oxford University.
Peter Preece, England international rugby player.
Professor Rebecca Probert, legal historian.
Peter Rossborough, England international rugby player.
John Sheepshanks, Bishop of Norwich.
J.
B. Steane, teacher, literary scholar and music critic.
Humphrey Wanley, librarian, palaeographer and scholar of Old English.
R. E. S. "Bob" Wyatt, England test cricketer.
Peter Whittingham, football player (Aston Villa FC, Cardiff City FC and England U21).
Queen Victoria's Commemoration Medal 1900 (Ireland), more commonly referred to as the Visit to Ireland Medal 1900, was awarded to those members of the Irish Police Forces on duty at Queen Victoria’s various engagements during her visit to Ireland in 1900.
Queen Victoria made a formal visit to Dublin between 3 and 27 April 1900.
During this time she drove in state through the decorated streets of the city and carried out a number of official engagements.
These included a celebration in Phoenix Park attended by 30,000 school children from across Ireland, and a review of troops from the Curragh garrison.
Additionally, members of the Civil Service Staffs of both Police Forces who were on duty at Dublin Castle during the visit received the medal.A total of 2,285 medals were awarded.
Obverse: The crowned and veiled half-length effigy of the Queen, facing left, with the inscription  ‘VICTORIA REGINA’.
The designer was Sir Joseph Boehm.
Reverse: The figure of Hibernia against the backdrop of Kingstown Harbour.
She is opening her arms in welcome to the Royal Yacht entering the harbour.
Below is the date ‘1900’.
The designer was G. W. de Saulles.
Ribbon: Plain dark blue, 1.25 inches (32 mm) wide, the same as for the Police Jubilee Medals.
The ribbon was suspended from an ornamental brooch bar bearing five shamrocks.
The recipient's name and police rank were engraved on the edge of the medal.
The medal was worn in date order with Coronation and Jubilee medals.
"Somebody Said a Prayer" is a song written by Neil Thrasher and Craig Wiseman, and recorded by American country music artist Billy Ray Cyrus.
It was released in August 2008 as the first single from the album  Back to Tennessee.
The song first charted on the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart at number 53 for the chart week of August 16, 2008.
"Somebody Said a Prayer" was also made into a music video with a cameo from Cyrus' son, Trace Cyrus.
The mother in the first verse "almost let her job, her kids, her mind, her life go up in smoke" and the teen-ager attempted suicide by taking a bottle of pills.
Both characters, however, find their lives improved (the mother is now "laughin' and lovin' and content", and the teen-ager is now seen every week by the narrator).
According to the chorus, the two characters' lives were improved because of prayer.
The song features backing from a piano and a string section.
Fans of softer country production may not like the 'bombastic' elements of this song all that much because it seems as if it is overshadowing or [competing with] Billy Ray but it's a technique that's been used in pop/ Christian markets for ages…  The lyrics are heartfelt and are right on par… If Billy Ray Cyrus was looking at sustaining his music career with 'Somebody Said A Prayer', Billy Ray has certainly delivered a song that will do just that."
The video was directed by award-winning director, Roman White.
It also has a cameo from Cyrus' son, Metro Station lead-singer, Trace Cyrus.
The video focuses around a grieving widow, her teenaged son, and her little girl, who are crushed by the death of her husband.
Her little boy walks through the house to his room, after seeing his mother and siblings distraught, and kneels beside his bed to say a prayer.
The prayer lifts the spirits of his family, and they join him in his room.
In September 2009, the video was nominated for the Gospel Music Channel's Music Video Awards.
In September 2008, the song become Cyrus' fifteenth Top 40 single on the country charts.
It reached a peak of number 33 on the week of November 15, 2008, giving Cyrus his first solo Top 40 single since "You Won't Be Lonely" reached number 17 in 2000.
"Scarlet Love Song" is a song by Japanese heavy metal band X Japan, written by Yoshiki.
It was first performed at the Asia Girls Explosion event on March 6, 2011 at Yoyogi National Stadium.
"Scarlet Love Song -Buddha Mix-" was released on June 8, 2011 as a digital download.
It reached number 1 on iTunes Japan and number 33 on Billboards Japan Hot 100.
It is the band's second single since reuniting in 2007 and the first to feature newest member Sugizo on guitar.
The Flieger Flab Museum (English: Swiss Air Force Museum) is located in the Canton of Zurich in Dübendorf on the grounds of Dübendorf Air Base.
In the museum, 40 airplanes and helicopters are displayed, with the collection divided into distinct eras: pioneers and World War I, the 1930s, World War II and the postwar period,  the beginning of the jet age, the development of jet fighters, the Cold War, and arms reduction.
In 1972-1978,  the collection was turned over to the state by the Swiss Federal Office for military airfields.
In 1978, for the first time, the public were able to contribute to the collection, which grew steadily over the next few years.
Finally, in 1979, the Friends of the Museum of the Swiss air force (VFMF) was formed, initiated by Hans Giger, the Director of the Federal Office for military airfields.
During the presidency of former Federal Councillor Rudolf Heinrich Friedrich between 1985 and 1988, the club built a new exhibition hall with the help of donations.
This extension, a concrete-shell structure designed by engineer Heinz Isler, was inaugurated in 1988 by former Federal Councillor Arnold Koller.
A year earlier, the federal government took over the financial responsibility for the operation of the museum.
Ten years later, in 1997, the VFMF and the Association of Friends of flab (VF-flab) merged with the Friends of the Swiss Air Force AFL.
In 2002, a new hall was opened.
Jean VII d'Harcourt (1369-18 December 1452, Châtellerault) was a French nobleman.
He was Count of Harcourt, Count of Aumale, Viscount of Châtellerault, and Seigneur of Mézières, of Elbeuf, of Lillebone, of La Saussaye etc.
He was the son of John VI of Harcourt, Count of Harcourt, and of Catherine de Bourbon, sister-in-law of King Charles V of France.
Marie of Harcourt (1398–1476), wife of Antoine of Lorraine, Count of Vaudémont, who is the origin of the Harcourt-Lorraine branch.
He distinguished himself at the Battle of Agincourt (1415), where he was taken prisoner.
In 1418, his castle at Harcourt was taken by the English.
His titles of Count of Aumale and Count of Harcourt were usurped and given to Richard de Beauchamp, 13th Earl of Warwick and Thomas Beaufort, Duke of Exeter.
His cousin, King Charles VI, therefore supported him and named him captain general of Normandy, and gave him a gift of 1000 books.
On his death in 1452, he was buried at the Franciscan convent at Châtellerault, which he had founded.
With him, the oldest branch of Harcourt became extinct.
The 2018–19 Khuzestan Premier League season was the 19th season of the Khuzestan Premier League which took place from September 7, 2018 to April 26, 2019 with 16 teams competing from the province of Khuzestan.
This was the second year that the league played with 16 teams.
Teams played home and away with one another each playing 28 matches.
Eftekhar Shushtar finished the season on top of the standings and was promoted to division 3 of the Iranian football system.
Meanwhile, with Esteghlal Veys' withdrawal from the league, they will be relegated to the Khuzestan Division 1 along with last place finishers Esteghlal Abadan.
The team officially withdrew from the league prior to the start of week 5 matches.
The league continued with the remaining 15 teams and Esteghlal's results were removed from league records.
Week 30 was scheduled to take place prior to the New Year, however, due to bad weather conditions, the league cancelled 4 matches while playing only those matches that would alter the league champion and the team being relegated.
Charles Melville McLaren, 3rd Baron Aberconway,  (16 April 1913 – 4 February 2003) was a British industrialist and horticulturalist.
He was the son of Henry McLaren, 2nd Baron Aberconway, and Christabel Macnaghten.
Due to this connection, he took part in the secret, unofficial meeting of British businessmen with Hermann Göring arranged by Birger Dahlerus in August 1939 as a last-ditch effort to forestall war.
During the Second World War, he served in the Royal Artillery, becoming a second lieutenant.
After the war, he took a more active role in the family corporations, preparing to succeed his father.
He was also a director of Westland Aircraft from 1947 to 1985.
He was made a Justice of the Peace for Denbighshire in 1946, and High Sheriff of Denbighshire in 1950.
In 1953, he succeeded his father in the barony, the chairmanship of John Brown and English China Clays, and various other industrial interests.
He continued in these chairmanships until 1986 and 1984, respectively.
Despite his corporate responsibilities, Lord Aberconway took a keen interest in horticulture.
Besides maintaining the family's Bodnant Garden, he was the President of the Royal Horticultural Society from 1961 to 1983 and oversaw the management of the Chelsea Flower Show.
Throughout his life, he enjoyed writing pithy, memorable and topical letters to The Times.
Julia Harriet McLaren (b.
22 September 1942), married Capt.
Caroline Mary McLaren (b.
Michael Duncan McLaren, QC (b.
29 November 1958), married Caroline Stacey and has issue; present manager of Bodnant Garden.
Massimo Natili (July 28, 1935 –  September 19, 2017) was a racing driver from Italy.
He participated in two Formula One World Championship Grands Prix, debuting on July 15, 1961.
He scored no championship points.
He retired on the first lap of the 1961 British Grand Prix with gearbox failure, and practiced for the Italian Grand Prix but did not start.
In 1962, Natili was involved in a fiery accident in a Formula Junior race at Monza, and was rescued by an anonymous spectator.
He came 4th in the 1964 Rome Grand Prix after retiring from the previous year's event, and subsequently competed in Italian Formula 3.
The 7th International Film Festival of India was held from 3–16 January 1979 in New Delhi.
The festival opened with "Junoon" by Shyam Benegal in the out of Competition world premiere.
The festival was the only competitive and exclusive international film festival organised in the entire Third World during 1978–79.
For the first time in the history of the Indian Competitive film festivals, the Jury was headed by a foreigner, Qusmane Sembene of Senegal.
There were two women on the jury (Chantal Akerman – Belgium, and Marta Maszaves – Hungary) for the first time.
The 1963–64 Borussia Dortmund season was the 1st season in the Bundesliga for Borussia Dortmund.
After winning the 1963 German football championship, they could not defend their title and ended up 4th in the inaugural Bundesliga season.
In the European Cup they closely missed the final after losing the semifinal against F.C.
Internazionale Milano.
Junior Pantherz (or JPZ) are a Canadian post-rock music group formed in 1999 in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Canada.
The band is named after a Sloan song "Junior Panthers".
The Original band featured neighborhood pals Terry Mattson on Guitar/Vocals, and Arnold Van Lambalgen on Drums.
In an eight-year span, the band released 5 CDs and a retrospective Vinyl LP collection entitled ...Discover Vinyl.
JPZ are now mainly an inactive band, reappearing occasionally for one off shows or friends weddings.
They released their first E.P "Gravitational Pull" the same year.
After a few local shows under their belt, the band released their first full-length Album "Polar Opposites" in 2000.
It contained re-recorded songs from the first E.P, as well some new numbers.
Both Polar Opposites and Gravitational Pull were limited to 50 copies, which were handmade by the band and sold out quickly.
They released the album in June 2005 - but not without a few difficulties.
While on the summer tour, the Junior Pantherz broke up.
They played their "last" show on June 24, 2005 at Louis' Pub (a student bar in Saskatoon) with Whitey Houston and Voyd.
Their first live return came in October 2006 when they opened for Danko Jones in Regina.
The addition of Maygen Kardash (sister of bassist S.J.)
on keys.
Work begun on their 6th CD shortly thereafter.
The band emphasized on arrangement and instrumentation.
Rejoice, Remain was released in October 2007.
In addition to the album, a collection of previously released old songs was released by the Saved by Vinyl label based out of Calgary, Alberta.
"...Discover vinyl" is limited to 500 numbered copies on White Vinyl.
The Fane Aircraft Company Limited was a British company formed by the aviator Captain Gerard Fane, DSC, and based at Norbury, London, England.
It was originally formed as Comper Fane Aircraft Limited (sometimes C.F.
Aircraft) in August 1939, incorporating the name of his former collaborator and aircraft designer, the late Nicholas Comper.
On 6 April 1940 the name was changed to the Fane Aircraft Company Limited.
The company's only aircraft was based on the Comper Scamp.
The Scamp had been designed by Nicholas Comper as a two-seater but he had not built it, redesigning it as a single seater, the Comper Fly.
Fane took the Scamp design and reworked it as the Fane F.1/40 which first flew in 1941; with no orders from the Air Ministry only one was built.
On 10 August 1944 the company changed its name to Fane Engineering Designs Limited.
, provisional designation , is a sub-kilometer near-Earth object of the Amor group, approximately  in diameter.
The S-type asteroid has been identified as a potential flyby target of the Hayabusa2 mission.
It was discovered on 17 November 2001, by astronomers with the Lincoln Near-Earth Asteroid Research at the Lincoln Laboratory's Experimental Test Site near Socorro, New Mexico, in the United States.
The asteroid has a rotation period of 8.0 hours and possibly an elongated shape.
It remains unnamed since its numbering in December 2007.
The object orbits the Sun at a distance of 1.02–1.54 AU once every 17 months (527 days; semi-major axis of 1.28 AU).
Its orbit has an eccentricity of 0.20 and an inclination of 25° with respect to the ecliptic.
The body's observation arc begins with its first observation in February 1953, more than 48 years prior to its official discovery observation at Socorro.
The precovery was taken at Palomar Observatory and published by the Digitized Sky Survey.
In September 1926, it approached Earth to , its closest approach of all close encounters since 1900.
Only in September 2199, it will approach Earth at a similar distance of .
When the spacecraft returns to Earth and delivers the sample capsule in December 2020, it is expected to retain 30 kg of xenon propellant, which can be used to extend its service and flyby new targets to explore.
As of 2018, it has not been named.
Lightcurve analysis gave a rotation period of  hours with a brightness amplitude of 0.95 magnitude (), indicative of a non-spherical shape.
The Collaborative Asteroid Lightcurve Link assumes a standard albedo for a stony asteroid of 0.20 and calculates a diameter of 0.818 kilometers based on an absolute magnitude of 17.8.
Summit (or Summit-Argo) is a village in Cook County, Illinois, United States.
The population was 11,054 at the 2010 census.
The village is arguably best known as the setting to Ernest Hemingway's 1927 short story "The Killers".
According to the 2010 census, Summit has a total area of , of which  (or 93.93%) is land and  (or 6.07%) is water.
Most of Summit is in the floodplain of the Des Plaines River.
The population density was 5,008.7 people per square mile (1,937.2/km²).
There were 3,552 housing units at an average density of 1,672.6 per square mile (646.9/km²).
The racial makeup of the village was 63.31% White, 12.05% African American, 0.30% Native American, 1.41% Asian, 0.02% Pacific Islander, 19.64% from other races, and 3.27% from two or more races.
Hispanic or Latino of any race were 48.47% of the population, with Mexican Americans representing 44.3%.
The top three non-Hispanic, non-African American ancestries reported in Summit as of the 2000 census were Polish (11.7%), German (5.2%) and Irish (4.4%).
There were 3,356 households out of which 38.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.7% were married couples living together, 15.8% had a female householder $32,287 versus $21,628 for females.
The per capita income for the village was $14,611.
About 12.6% of families and 16.2% of the population were below the poverty line, including 23.5% of those under age 18 and 11.2% of those age 65 or over.
This facility is one of the largest of its kind in the world.
ACH Food Companies, Inc. operates a manufacturing and processing plant here for Mazola corn oil, Karo corn syrup and Argo Baking Powder and Corn Starch.
The Institute for Food Safety and Health (formerly the National Center for Food Safety and Technology) is in Bedford Park, adjacent to the Ingredion facility.
It is affiliated with the Illinois Institute of Technology and the Food and Drug Administration's Center for Food Safety and Applied Nutrition.
Frito-Lay has a zone office in Summit.
Summit has also been the home of the Desplaines Valley News newspaper since 1913.
The Tri-State Tollway (Interstate 294) is  to the southwest.
Chicago Midway International Airport is approximately three miles to the east.
Argo Crossing Rail Junction - Indiana Harbor Belt Railroad/CSX and Canadian National Railway/Union Pacific Railroad – is located along the southwest boundary of the village.
The 1868 United States presidential election in Nevada took place on November 3, 1868, as part of the 1868 United States presidential election.
Nevada voters chose three representatives, or electors, to the Electoral College, who voted for president and vice president.
Nevada was won by Ulysses S. Grant, formerly the 6th Commanding General of the United States Army (R-Ohio), running with Speaker of the House Schuyler Colfax, with 55.39% of the popular vote, against the 18th governor of New York, Horatio Seymour (D–New York), running with former Senator Francis Preston Blair, Jr., with 44.61% of the vote.
Augustown is a 2016 novel by Jamaican writer Kei Miller.
Augustown was published in the US on May 23, 2017 by Pantheon Books.
It is Miller's third novel; he is also a poet.
Reviewing Augustown for The New Yorker, Laura Miller contrasts the book to "the stereotype of a 'poet’s novel'—that is, it isn’t introspective, replete with long passages of description, and scant of plot.
Instead, it is stuffed with the characters and stories of hardscrabble Augustown, a former hamlet on the outskirts of St. Andrew founded by slaves freed in 1838."
The book is based on an historical incident from 1921 in which Baptist preacher Alexander Bedward told congregants he would physically fly up to heaven; instead he was committed to an insane asylum.
In Miller's reimagining, however, the preacher proves able to fly and people gather in the impoverished neighborhood of Augustown to see the miracle for themselves.
In 2017, Augustown won the OCM Bocas Prize for Caribbean Literature.
James Patrick Heron (born March 21, 1940) was a provincial level politician from Alberta, Canada.
He served as a member of the Legislative Assembly of Alberta from 1986 to 1989.
He won the electoral district of Stony Plain to hold it for the governing Progressive Conservative party.
Heron ran for a second term in the 1989 Alberta general election he was defeated by New Democrat candidate Stan Woloshyn in a hotly contested race.
Clove Mountain is a small mountain in Dutchess County, New York.
Its peak elevation is 1400 feet above sea level.
It is the site of a Verizon Wireless cell tower, a Dutchess County 911 Radio Repeater, and a fire tower that is no longer in service.
Luda () is a rural locality (a village) in Pertominskoye Rural Settlement of Primorsky District, Arkhangelsk Oblast, Russia.
The population was 74 as of 2010.
George William Francis Althofer  (1903–1993) was an Australian botanist, nurseryman, author and poet, with a special interest in the mint-bush genus Prostanthera as well as other Australian native plants, who founded the Burrendong Botanic Garden and Arboretum.
He attended school locally, in Dripstone, then Wellington and Mumbil.
Althofer grew up working on his father's farm and orchard, becoming an orchardist himself.
In 1938 he established a native plant nursery at his property "Nindethana" at Dripstone.
Inspired by the American example of the Arnold Arboretum, and assisted by his brother Peter, he lobbied for the establishment of a similar institution with a focus on Australian native plants.
As a consequence, the 167 ha Burrendong Botanic Garden and Arboretum on the foreshore of Lake Burrendong, near Wellington, opened in 1964.
(Music by Edward H. Tyrrell, words by George Althofer).
(With "Blue Gum" of "The Land").
Stanley Smith Memorial Publication Fund: Australia.
1980 – Ironbark chips of Stuart Town, Mumbil, Dripstone and the Burrendong region.
Macquarie Publications: Dubbo.
1980 – The flora of Mt Arthur Reserve, Wellington, N.S.W.
(Illustrated by G.J.
Harden).
Trustees of Mt Arthur Reserve: Wellington, NSW.
1983 – Laughter and tears from the golden years, or, Some more ironbark chips.
Wellington Historical Society: Wellington, NSW.
1992 – The collected poems of G. W. Althofer.
Reverend Dr John Fraser (1834 – 1904) was an Australian ethnologist, linguist, school headmaster and author of many scholarly works.
He is known for his revised and expanded version of  Lancelot Threlkeld's 1834 work, An Australian Grammar, with the new title An Australian language as spoken by the Awabakal, the people of Awaba or Lake Macquarie (near Newcastle, New South Wales) being an account of their language, traditions and customs / by L.E.
Threlkeld; re-arranged, condensed and edited with an appendix by John Fraser (1892).
In this, Fraser created new divisions and terminology for some Aboriginal groups in New South Wales.
He migrated to Australia and settled at Maitland, New South Wales.
In 1861 he was appointed rector of the Presbyterian Maitland High School, before going on to establish his own school, known as Sauchie House (now Maitland Boys High School).
There he remained as headmaster for about 20 years.
Apart from being an advocate of Christian missions, Fraser was an ethnologist and linguist, with a particular interest in Australian Aboriginal languages.
His book, The Aborigines of New South Wales, won the 1882 Royal Society of New South Wales Prize, and he wrote numerous scholarly articles and books.
Threlkeld's grammar of the Awabakal language, An Australian Grammar.
Fraser's revised edition, containing much original material based on his own research, was published in 1892 as An Australian language as spoken by the Awabakal, the people of Awaba or Lake Macquarie (near Newcastle, New South Wales) being an account of their language, traditions and customs / by L.E.
Threlkeld; re-arranged, condensed and edited with an appendix by John Fraser.
In the preface, Fraser writes: "...but we have now come to know that this dialect was essentially the same as that spoken by the sub-tribes occupying the land where Sydney now stands, and that they all formed part of one great tribe, the Kuriggai".
The book included a "Map of New South Wales as occupied by the native tribes", accompanied by descriptions and names decided upon by Fraser after "ten years' thought and inquiry on the location of our native tribes".
Historian Niel Gunson wrote in 1974 that the work was "hampered by his peculiar theories of racial and linguistic origin".
); Booandik (Vic.
& SA); Barkunjee (Barkindji) (NSW), Kurnai (Vic.
), Thurrawal (Dharawal) (NSW), Wiradjuri (NSW) and Malegoondeet (?)
(Vic.)
as some of these names, and mentions R.H. Mathews, A.W.
Howitt and John Mathew as promulgators of the "nations" concept.
Tindale later (under his entry for Awakabal, p. 200) refers to Kuringgai as an "arbitrary term...applied by Fraser", the Awabakal being the central tribe of the several to which Fraser applied the group term.
An Australian grammar : comprehending the principles and natural rules of the language, as spoken by the aborigines, in the vicinity of Hunter's River, Lake Macquarie, &c. New South Wales / L.E.
The gospel by St. Luke translated into the language of the Awabakal / L.E.
An Awabakal-English lexicon to the gospel according to Saint Luke / L.E.
Appendix A.
Soil Biology and Biochemistry is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal that was established in 1969 and is currently published by Elsevier.
Its founding editor-in-chief was John Saville Waid.
It publishes original research papers that describe and explain biological processes occurring in soil.
Since 2017, the editor-in-chief is Karl Ritz (University of Nottingham).
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2018 impact factor of 5.290.
Orchesella eolia is a species of slender springtail in the family Entomobryidae.
Danny Sidak is a Bangladeshi film actor and director.
He played Superman in the Bangladeshi adaptation of the Superman.
He is the Vice President of the Bangladesh Awami League backed cultural organisation, Banga-bandhu Sangskritik Jote.
He worked with Arefin Shuvo and Mahiya Mahi in the 2014 movie Agnee.
In 2016 he acted in the Eamin Haque Bobby film ‘One Way’.
Amberboa is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family, described as a genus in 1832.
The genus is native to central and southwestern Asia.
ex Willd.)
Muss.Puschk.
ex Grossh.
DC.
Amberboa ramosa (Roxb.)
The 1948–1949 Wisconsin Badgers men's basketball team represented University of Wisconsin–Madison.
The head coach was Harold E. Foster, coaching his fifteenth season with the Badgers.
The team played their home games at the UW Fieldhouse in Madison, Wisconsin and was a member of the Big Nine Conference.
La Fille du Danube (The Daughter of the Danube) is a ballet in two acts and four scenes, choreographed by Filippo Taglioni to music by Adolphe Adam.
Like his 1832 ballet La Sylphide, La Fille du Danube focused on the romantic theme of a supernatural maiden, but with both inhibiting a different element - the Sylph is a maiden of the air, while the Daughter of the Danube is a maiden of the water.
The following year in 1837, Taglioni and his daughter travelled to St Petersburg, Russia where Marie Taglioni made her Russian debut in La Sylphide on the 6 September 1837 at the Imperial Bolshoi Kammeny Theatre.
Her St Petersburg debut was a huge success, with the Russian balletomanes and critics becoming completely enchanted by the Italian ballerina.
That same year, her father revived and restaged La Fille du Danube for Marie's benefit performance on the 20 December 1837 and the revival was a tremendous success.
La Fille du Danube was to be one of the two ballets by Filippo Taglioni to survive in Russia following the departures of both the balletmaster and his daughter from the country, the other being La Sylphide.
In 1880, at the request of Tsar Alexander II, who had seen Marie Taglioni in the ballet, La Fille du Danube was revived by Marius Petipa for the Prima Ballerina, Ekaterina Vazem.
For this revival, Petipa included new musical additions and revisions by Léon Minkus and the revival was premièred at the Imperial Bolshoi Kammeny Theatre on 24 February 1880 for Vazem's benefit performance.
Vazem writes in her memoirs how she felt that the ballet was "flat", that the heroine's part was "not the most effective" and goes onto claim that "the mounting of the ballet looked quite wretched".
Anton Andersson (born 12 March 1981) is a Swedish triple jumper.
He competed at the 2005 European Indoor Championships and the 2007 World Championships, but without reaching the final round.
His personal best jump is 17.10 metres, achieved when he became Swedish champion in August 2007 in Eskilstuna.
The Meier & Frank Building is a fifteen-story, glazed terra cotta building located in downtown Portland, Oregon, across from the northeast corner of Pioneer Courthouse Square.
The building is the former flagship store and headquarters building for the Meier & Frank department store chain, which was taken over by Macy's in 2006.
In 2006–2007, the building's lower floors were remodeled into an updated Macy's department store, while the upper floors were renovated in 2008 into a luxury hotel known as The Nines.
In 2016, Macy's announced that it planned to close the store in spring 2017, and the store closed in April 2017.
The building site is a full block, bounded by SW Fifth and Sixth Avenues and Morrison and Alder Streets.
The present building was constructed in stages, starting in 1909 with major expansions occurring in 1915 and 1932.
It replaced an earlier Meier and Frank store built in 1898.
Although the original commission was an annex to the original building, Doyle took a trip to Chicago with the company's co-founder Sigmund Frank to survey department stores.
Frank was very impressed with what he saw, and plans for the building changed into a full-block fully modern department store.
Frank's death in 1910 ended those plans and resulted in the building's construction in piecemeal segments over several decades, which led to anomalous differences in which elevators and which stairways reached which floors.
However, A.E.
Doyle first used glazed terra-cotta in this building, resulting in later use of it in many other Portland structures by his and other firms.
The building hosted the corporate headquarters of the Meier & Frank chain.
After the acquisition of Meier and Frank by May Department Stores in 1966, the chain became a division which was based out of the former corporate offices.
The interior of the building has been modernized over the years with few interior historic elements remaining.
However, several notable exceptions to this were the Georgian Room restaurant and seasonal Santaland, both on the 10th floor (highest retail floor in the building).
The historic Georgian Room had remained virtually unchanged for at least the last 50 years.
Santaland, which closed after the 2005 Christmas season, was an annual holiday favorite for generations of Portland families.
Santaland operated a "kiddie"-sized overhead monorail around the ceiling of Santaland; first installed in 1959, it last operated during the 2005 holiday season.
There was also a holiday model railroad layout and Santa Clauses.
Pneumatic tubes were used throughout the store to convey messages and money from upper to lower floors and back again.
The remnants of this system could still be found in some stairwells and back areas.
The Meier & Frank Building featured the first escalator installation in Portland, and housed the company's own radio station.
KFEC signed on the air October 19, 1922.
The studio was on the 5th floor and was also used as the library and reading room for employees.
The transmitter towers were atop the building.
KFEC operated until March 22, 1929, when it was sold and moved to Yakima, Washington, which still operates today as KIT.
Until August 1962, the building at  was the second tallest in Portland after the Public Service Building.
The building has two primary lower levels and a third service level beneath these.
The first lower level was used for retail space until the mid-1980s.
The levels beneath that were used for storage and various seasonal needs.
The bank of hand-controlled elevators originally operated by store employees was closed to the public with the construction of new automatic elevators, but were still used to transport merchandise into the 1990s out of public view.
At its peak, the store housed everything from a pharmacy to a pet store.
Actor Clark Gable worked in the store's tie department in 1922.
Several delis and food vendors operated out of various levels.
As demand for these services declined, the store changed focus.
During the 1980s the store began to concentrate more on soft lines such as clothing, as well as small goods such as housewares.
Several floors were modified to serve as corporate offices.
Other floors were simply shut down and turned over to cold storage.
The store was able to operate in this configuration until finally doomed by the development of the nearby Pioneer Place mall and increased competition from stores such as Saks Fifth Avenue and Nordstrom.
The building was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
In 2005, the May Company was acquired by Federated Department Stores, corporate parent of Macy's and other chains.
The Meier & Frank stores were renamed Macy's in September 2006.
Already in late 2005, a $100 million renovation of the building began, and this was to include work to turn the top nine floors of the building into a 330-room luxury hotel called The Nines, a Starwood Luxury Collection Hotel.
Renovation of the Meier & Frank store in the lower floors of the building began first, in late 2005, and was still under way when the store was rebranded in September 2006 as a Macy's (as were all other then-remaining Meier & Frank stores).
Macy's later decided to temporarily close the store, in order to accelerate the remodeling work, and the temporary closure began in December 2006.
The remodeled stored, named Macy's at Meier and Frank Square, reopened on October 26, 2007.
The hotel opened in late summer 2008.
In 2016, Macy's announced that it planned to close the store in spring 2017, because of declining sales.
A clearance sale began in January, and the store closed permanently in April 2017.
In March 2018, Japanese retailer Muji announced they would be taking over 15,000 square feet in the building to open their first store in the Pacific Northwest.
Both structures have been transformed into other uses.
On August 18, 2010, Vestas Wind Systems, a Danish wind turbine manufacturer, announced that it will lease the historic Meier & Frank Delivery Depot in the Pearl District.
After renovations completed in 2012, the  space now houses the company's U.S. headquarters.
Zareabad (, also Romanized as Zāre‘ābād; also known as Ja‘farābād) is a village in Gamasiyab Rural District, in the Central District of Nahavand County, Hamadan Province, Iran.
At the 2006 census, its population was 581, in 159 families.
John Wotton (by 1523 – 1555 or later), of Totnes and Great Englebourne, Devon, was an English politician.
He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Totnes in March 1553 and October 1553.
Alfred Lee Wyman (December 9, 1874 – December 15, 1953) was a United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the District of South Dakota.
He was state's attorney of Yankton County from 1905 to 1908 and again from 1915 to 1918.
He was city attorney of Yankton from 1909 to 1914.
He was a member of the South Dakota House of Representatives in 1909, and of the South Dakota Senate in 1911.
He was the Mayor of Yankton from 1914 to 1924.
1317.
He was confirmed by the United States Senate on May 10, 1929, and received his commission the same day.
On December 9, 1953, President Dwight D. Eisenhower certified Wyman involuntarily as disabled in accordance with the act of October 31, 1951, 65 Stat.
710, which entitled the President to appoint an additional judge for the court and provided that no successor to the judge certified as disabled be appointed.
George Theodore Mickelson was appointed to the additional judgeship.
Wyman died six days later on December 15, 1953.
Two Hearts in May () is a 1958 West German musical comedy film directed by Géza von Bolváry and starring Dieter Borsche, Kristina Söderbaum, and Walter Giller.
The film's sets were designed by the art directors Hans Kuhnert and Wilhelm Vorwerg.
It was shot at the Tempelhof Studios in Berlin.
Oregon Ballot Measure 97 was a ballot measure in the 2016 election in the U.S. state of Oregon.
The initiative asked voters to determine whether or not to impose a 2.5 percent gross receipts tax on C corporations with Oregon sales exceeding $25 million.
S corporations and benefit companies (companies that benefit society and the environment, as determined under state law) would be exempt from the tax.
It was estimated the measure would raise $3 billion annually for the state, if passed.
The nonpartisan Oregon Legislative Revenue Office determined that of the some 250,000 businesses registered in Oregon, 951 would be subject to the tax; of these, the hundred largest taxpayers would pay about two-thirds of the monies raised.
The same report estimated that wholesale companies in Oregon would see their taxes grow by almost $600 million, a 583 percent increase.
Taxes on Oregon retailers would increase by $535 million, a 766 percent jump.
Health care firms operating in Oregon would experience a 1,211 percent increase in their taxes, adding almost $100 million per year to the cost of health care across the state.
During the state's general election held in November 2016, Oregon voters defeated the measure 59 percent (opposed) to 41 percent.
By the week before Election Day, combined fundraising for the two campaigns had reached $40 million.
Opponents of the measure outspent proponents of the measure; the anti-Measure 97 campaign, the Defeat the Tax on Oregon Sales Committee, raised almost $26 million, while the pro-Measure 97 committee Yes on 97 raised $14 million.
A separate pro-Measure 97 group, Defend Oregon, also raised funds in support of the measure's passage.
The major supporters of the Measure 97 were labor unions, and in particular the Oregon Education Association, the state's primary teachers' union, which contributed a total of $2.1 million to the campaign in support of Measure 97.
The Service Employees International Union (SEIU) Local 503, which is "the largest union representing Oregon state government workers", gave almost $3 million to the pro-Measure 97 campaign.
The American Federation of Teachers and the Oregon American Federation of State, County and Municipal Employees also contributed to the pro-Measure 97 campaign.
Major corporations mostly opposed the law.
Companies and trade associations that contributed to the campaign against the measure include, among others, Amazon.com, General Motors, Kroger/Fred Meyer, J.P. Morgan Chase, Wal-Mart, Costco, Safeway/Albertsons, the Oregon Association of Realtors, Jive Software, Comcast, Pacific Seafood, and the Craft Brew Alliance.
Governor Kate Brown, a Democrat, supported the measure, while Brown's opponent in the 2016 gubernatorial election, Republican nominee William C. "Bud" Pierce, opposed the measure.
Another poll conducted by icitizen during September 2–7 found that 59 percent of 610 respondents were in favor of the measure passing, with 21 percent opposed.
However, support decreased to 40 percent and opposition increased to 31 percent after participants heard arguments against Measure 97.
The poll's margin of error was 4 percent.
Kandovan (, also Romanized as Kandovān) is a village in Kandovan Rural District, Kandovan District, Meyaneh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.
At the 2006 census, its population was 424, in 103 families.
Trigonopterus pseudanalis is a species of flightless weevil in the genus Trigonopterus from Indonesia.
The species was described in May 2019.
Paoline Salagnac (born 13 March 1984) is a French basketball player for CJM Bourges Basket and the French national team, where she participated at the 2014 FIBA World Championship.
Aspen Healthcare is a private medical company, established in 1988, based in the City of London.
It is not connected with Aspen Pharmacare, the South African pharmaceutical company.
It was a subsidiary of United Surgical Partners International.
In early 2015, Welltower purchased all four of the company's London hospitals for £226 million.
The hospitals were then leased back to Aspen which continues to operate them.
The deal included Holly House Hospital, Highgate Hospital, Parkside Hospital and Cancer Centre London.
They were leased back to Aspen for 25-year terms.
Tenet Healthcare bought the company in 2015.
It sold the company to NMC Health in August 2018 for £10 million.
It runs Highgate Private Hospital, Parkside Hospital in Wimbledon, and Claremont Hospital in Sheffield.
About half the company's income comes from orthopaedics and oncology.
Less than 30% comes from the NHS.
The company was acquired by NMC Health in August 2018.
This is a list of members of the Victorian Legislative Assembly, from the elections of 1 November 1900 to the elections of 1 October 1902.
From 1889 there were 95 seats in the Assembly.
Several members resigned to take up seats in the first Australian Parliament.
Victoria was a British self-governing colony in Australia until 1901 when it became a state of Australia.
Note: the Start and End dates refer to the politician's term for that seat.
Francis Mason was Speaker.
William Beazley was Chairman of Committees.
Anderson died 20 June 1901; replaced by John Deegan in July 1901.
Best resigned in May 1901 after being elected a senator in the new Australian Parliament; replaced by Patrick O'Connor in June 1901.
Findley was expelled in June 1901 for seditious libel; replaced by James Boyd in July 1901.
Isaacs resigned in May 1901 after being elected to the new Australian Parliament; replaced by Alfred Billson in June 1901.
Kennedy resigned in May 1901 after being elected to the new Australian Parliament; replaced by William Hall in June 1901.
McColl resigned in May 1901 after being elected to the new Australian Parliament; replaced by John Cullen in June 1901.
McLean resigned in May 1901 after being elected to the new Australian Parliament; replaced by Hubert Patrick Keogh in June 1901.
Mauger resigned in May 1901 after being elected to the new Australian Parliament; replaced by Jacob Fotheringham in June 1901.
Salmon resigned in May 1901 after being elected to the new Australian Parliament; replaced by George Mitchell in June 1901.
Staughton Sr. died 29 August 1901; replaced by Samuel Staughton Jr. in September 1901.
Turner resigned in February 1901 to (successfully) contest a seat in the new Australian Parliament; replaced by William Williams in February 1901.
Oliver Kirch (; born 21 August 1982) is a  retired German footballer.
Kirch played as a midfielder for BVB and was either deployed as defensive midfielder or right wing-back.
In defense, he played as a right-back.
Kirch would go on to join the academy of SuS Stadtlohn and then the academy of SpVgg Vreden.
Kirch made his senior professional debut playing for SC Verl in the 2002–03 season before joining Borussia Mönchengladbach in the 2003–04 season, where Kirch made eight appearances in his first professional season.
In the 2007–08 Bundesliga season, Kirch left Borussia Mönchengladbach and moved to Arminia Bielefeld and in his first match, he scored his first Bundesliga goal.
Kirch joined 1.
FC Kaiserslautern in the 2010–11 Bundesliga season, where he signed a three-year contract.
On 21 April 2012, during the 32nd matchday of the 2010–11 Bundesliga season, Kirch scored his first goal of the season in Kaiserslautern's 2–1 away victory over Hertha BSC.
Kirch joined Borussia Dortmund in the 2012–13 Bundesliga season.
He signed a two-year contract with the German champions Borussia Dortmund until 30 June 2014.
He scored his first Bundesliga goal for Borussia Dortmund on match day 32 in a 2–2 draw against Bayer 04 Leverkusen.
Afterwards, Kirch joined SC Paderborn 07 in the 2015–16 season, he signed a two-year contract.
In July 2016, Kirch decided to end his career.
Nemone Metaxas (born 3 November 1972 in Chester, Cheshire), often billed simply as Nemone, is an English DJ, radio presenter, television presenter/producer and former track and field athlete.
Her father's Greek ancestral village is in Sekhia and the family name is Anastasakis.
She went on to become a receptionist at Kiss 102 in Manchester.
In 1997, she became the presenter and producer of The Word radio programme as Kiss 105 went on the air.
She subsequently presented Galaxy 102 FM's Morning Show, Network Chill Out Show and The Galaxy Chart for Manchester.
She left as anchor of the Morning Show for a job at BBC Radio 1.
Nemone joined BBC Radio 1 in October 2000 initially hosting the Saturday breakfast show.
She filled in for Jo Whiley's weekday morning show in 2001 while Whiley was on maternity leave.
She then took the weekend afternoon slot which she hosted from Autumn 2001 through to the end of 2003.
After a revamp of the Radio 1 daytime schedule from early 2004, Nemone replaced Scott Mills on the overnight show (4am7am) broadcasting to audiences in excess of 3 million.
She left Radio 1 in September 2005; JK and Joel (Monday-Thursday) and Fearne and Reggie (Friday) took over her early morning slot.
She joined BBC Radio 6 Music on 3 October 2005, she began presenting the Dream Ticket show as well as filling in on 6 Music's drive time show when Steve Lamacq was away.
Nemone took over Vic McGlynn's weekday lunchtime show, weekdays in the 34pm slot on 6 Music on 4 September 2006.
She could also be heard covering various shows on BBC Radio 2.
Cerys Matthews filled in for Nemone on BBC Radio 6 Music after she began six months maternity leave on 6 July 2009.
After Matthews herself went on maternity leave on 24 November, the show was presented by either Chris Hawkins or Andrew Collins.
In July 2009, Nemone gave birth to a baby girl and returned to BBC 6 Music on 1 February 2010.
When pregnant with her second child in 2011, she moved from weekdays taking over the weekend breakfast show.
After a short maternity leave she returned, steering it to record RAJAR figures.
The requirement to take the show to Media City in Salford meant Nemone passing on the opportunity of returning to Manchester; electing to stay in London where she had established her young family.
In April 2013 Nemone fulfilled a lifelong ambition to curate a specialist dance and electronic music show on BBC Radio 6 Music – Nemone's Electric Ladyland.
She runs a club night in West London.
She participated with her daughter in the Bumps & Babies Mile in Battersea Park for Sport Relief 2010 along with Denise Van Outen, Carly Cole, Gail Emms, Natasha Kaplinsky and Kim Medcalf.
She was seen describing the method of eviction from the game show and then interviewing the losing contestants.
Nemone was one of the contestants on Celebrity Mastermind aired on 20 August 2017 on BBC One.
Her specialist subject was the children's books of Roald Dahl, and she came 2nd in the show.
She was singer and saxophonist in a funk band – other members being Tom Findlay (who went on to form Groove Armada), Andy Spence from NYPC, and Perrier Award-winning comedian Dan Antopolski.
Nemone is a former champion 400 metres runner.
In 1999 she won the Greater Manchester Championships.
In 2000 she qualified for the British Championships, and competed in the 400m British Olympic trials.
Nemone decided to bid to run for the Greek Olympic team for the 2004 Summer Olympics.
Her training was filmed for the BBC Three television programme My Big Fat Greek Olympic Dream.
She has competed in triathlons, most notably finishing in the top 20 amateur women in the 2006 London Triathlon.
Also, on screen, Nemone has hosted the X Games in Barcelona and Ski Sunday in Livigno for the television show Grandstand.
The  is a museum located in Asuka Village, Nara Prefecture in Japan.
It is dedicated to the Man'yōshū, an 8th-century anthology of waka poetry.
Its honorary director is Susumu Nakanishi.
Joe Frank Wood (May 20, 1916 – October 10, 2002) was a professional baseball pitcher.
He appeared in three games in Major League Baseball for the Boston Red Sox during the 1944 season.
Listed at , 190 lb., Wood batted and threw right-handed.
He was born in Shohola, Pennsylvania.
His father, Smoky Joe Wood, also was a major league pitcher.
In three pitching appearances, including one start, Wood posted a 0–1 record with a 6.52 ERA, 13 hits allowed, five strikeouts, three walks, and 9 ⅔ innings of work.
Wood died in Old Saybrook, Connecticut, at the age of 86.
Pop Train is a scheme of using Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) card benefits to purchase soda and then re-selling the soda to turn a profit.
Benjamin Rollins Caldwell (born September 12, 1983) is an American artist best known for his one-of-a kind pieces and custom projects that use everyday objects and materials to create unique pieces of furniture.
He lives in Inman, South Carolina and owns a studio called BRC Designs.
Benjamin gained notoriety in 2013 for his Binary Collection that debuted at Lady Gaga’s artRave alongside artists Jeff Koons and Marina Abramovic.
Haus of Gaga has used Benjamin Rollins Caldwell's Binary Chair as part of Lady Gaga's marketing efforts for her ArtPop album tour.
Lady Gaga uses the Binary Chair as a symbol of the singer's campaign for a collision of the art pop-music worlds.
The Binary Chair and Lady Gaga first appeared on her social media on July 26, 2013.
Lady Gaga debuted the chair on the set of Good Morning America in August 2013.
The Caldwell's are best known for their candle company, Fresh Scents, Greenleaf, Bridgewater and Votivo, based out of Spartanburg, South Carolina.
Caldwell attended Westmont College in Santa Barbara, CA where he doubled majored in Studio Art and Business.
It was at Westmont College that Caldwell's life was forever changed.
Benjamin enrolled in a sculpture class his senior year that changed the way he saw artwork and made him see the world 3 dimensionally.
After graduation from Westmont in 2006, Benjamin returned home to Spartanburg, South Carolina where he became the Brand Manager for Votivo Candles.
He spent much of his free time painting commission portraits and working on Interior Design projects for clientele.
It was in his free time that Caldwell began making installation furniture for his Interior Design projects.
In the fall of 2008, Benjamin quit his job at Votivo and opened his own studio, BRC Designs in January 2009 where he released his first furniture line.
It was here at BRC Designs, that Ben released his first piece of furniture the suspended Birdseye Bed.
Soon followed his first furniture line that included the Dueces Wild Chair, which really put Caldwell into the spotlight.
Caldwell showcased his Binary Collection at Design Miami during Art Basel in December 2013.
Abc123 (Spring 2011): Composed entirely of children's building blocks, The ABC123 furniture collection was designed with the intention of inspiring children to create and build things out of objects that they are surrounded by.
BALLISTIC Collection (Spring 2011): .22 caliber rounds have been shot randomly into the bullet resistant surface of the Ballistic collection pieces creating unique explosive patterns.
At first glance the pieces appear to be a surrealistic representation of a school of jellyfish but upon closer inspection one will notice the metal shots radiating from the bullet's point of impact.
Composed entirely of 1.25” level 3 bullet resistant laminate acrylic.
The Ballistic Chair is outfitted with Kevlar seat cushions.
BINARY Collection (Spring/Fall 2011): Inspired by pallets of obsolete computers and electronics that were collecting dust in a local warehouse.
The understructure of each piece in the Binary Collection is made from the metal from computer towers and from printers that are riveted together and bent to the proper form.
The surface is completely covered with a collage of motherboards, computer chips, LED screens and hard drive disks held in place by sheet metal screws.
The glass from the table was salvaged from an abandoned warehouse.
The seats of the chairs are made from Ethernet and ribbon cables which have been woven together.
The American Pipe Dream (Spring 2012): With copper prices at an all-time high, theft of copper has become a growing problem.
Caldwell became frustrated after a thief stripped the copper out of one of his welding machines; Completely destroying the expensive machine for a couple dollars worth of copper, most likely for the theft's next drug fix.
The American Pipe Dream Collection is a response to these crimes.
Composed of half inch copper piping, which has been soldered together in a maze-like method inspired by the windows computer pipe screen savor.
CAPPED OUT (Fall 2012): Thousands of colorful repurposed Soda Bottle Caps are attached together using zips ties to a powder coated steel form, creating the unique shapes of the Capped Out pieces.
The steel understructure of each piece in the collection is composed of 98% recycled steel content, finished with an environmentally responsibly applied powder coating.
Six evenly spaced holes are drilled into each soda cap, then a ziptie is threaded through the holes, connecting each soda cap together, and through repetition, creating a strong, durable design.
CELEBRATION (Fall 2012): The Celebration Collection is composed entirely of plastic trophy topper figurines affixed together at carious points using small screws.
The collection is meant to signify the importance of unity and bond between people.
| Yahoo!
BRC Designs.
Retrieved  10 July 2014.
Benjamin Rollins Caldwell | Artist Biography, Artwork for Sale | Web.
10 July 2014.
The Mastophoroideae are a subfamily of Corallinaceaen  coralline algae with uniporate conceptacles.
The Scottish Meteorological Society was founded in 1855 by David Milne-Home with private funding, particularly from wealthy landowners who wished to compile meteorological records in order to improve agriculture.
The Society founded the observatory on Ben Nevis, officially opened in 1883.
In 1921, the Society amalgamated with the Royal Meteorological Society.
The Lithuanian State Symphony Orchestra ( or LVSO) is one of Lithuania's two national orchestras, founded in 1988.
The other, the Lithuanian National Symphony Orchestra (LNSO, Lietuvos nacionalinis simfoninis orkestras) was founded in 1940.
The orchestra began as a group of young musicians led by Gintaras Rinkevičius in 1988, which gave its first concert on January 30, 1989.
One of the most famous conductor in Lithuania, the National Award winner Gintaras Rinkevičius (b.
1960) is a Lithuanian State Symphony Orchestra‘s founder, artistic director and chief conductor.
Current conductors include Ričardas Šumila and Martynas Staškus.
The orchestra staged over a dozen operas, starting with Richard Wagner's The Flying Dutchman directed by Oskaras Koršunovas in 1995.
Six other operas were directed by Dalia Ibelhauptaitė.
The Tommy Tiernan Show is an Irish chat show presented by  Tommy Tiernan.
It was first broadcast on RTÉ One on 5 January 2017.
The first two series aired on Thursday evenings, with the third series moving to a Saturday evening slot.
The premise of the show is that host Tommy Tiernan and the audience have no idea who the guests will be until they walk out onto the stage, with no pre-prepared questions or research being carried out.
The Arizona Wildcats football team competes in the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I Football Bowl Subdivision, representing the University of Arizona.
This is a list of completed seasons.
2018 Karbi Anglong lynching was a violent incident of mob lynching that took place in Karbi Anglong, Assam, in India on 8 June 2018.
A mob of about 250 people attacked two men under suspicion of child trafficking and beat the two to death in a case of mistaken identity.
The incident took place in the backdrop of widespread public rumours over rising child trafficking and the spate of killings known as the Indian WhatsApp lynchings.
The prime accused is Alphajoz Timung, who was arrested on June 12, 2018, after hiding out in the district for several days.
He had been involved in an earlier lynching of a motorcycle mechanic, Mithu Das, in the same district.
The rumors said that child lifters were in the area.
Platambus is a genus of beetle native to the Palearctic, including Europe, the Near East and North Africa.
It distinguished by a wide epipleuron.
The ventral surface has spot markings.
She entered the house on Day 0 with the rest of the original housemates of the series.
She was taken to the Revenge Room with Camilla on Day 9 as part of a fake Double Eviction.
From the Revenge Room, they enacted revenge on the housemates who had nominated them by being allowed to control elements of the House such as when the hot water was turned off.
They were allowed to return to the rest of the House on Day 11.
After returning from the Revenge Room, Anna seemed to form a tighter bond with the men in the House.
She was the 4th evicted from the house on Day 29 with 25% of the merged vote.
Her catchphrase whilst in the house was "Game on, moles" She later admitted on Big Brother UpLate that she forgot she had said the line.
Anna appeared on the cover of the August 2006 issue of Ralph.
Although he used a pseudo name because Michael McCoy, who enter the house first took the name Michael.
Known to the public as Ashley before his removal from the House (born 4 March 1986) is a bricklayer from Rockingham, Western Australia, of part Italian descent.
He entered the House on Day 0 with the rest of the original housemates of the series.
Many housemates perceived Ashley like a little brother.
He was often seen in the House talking about cars, a passion of his.
Ashley revealed on Day 33 that he had never met his brother and sister and finding them was part of the reason why he participated in Big Brother.
Ashley was saved from being up for eviction in the first week by Gaelan, who used his Three Point Twist received from winning Friday Night Live; he was later saved from the eviction line-up by David exercising his Three Point Twist.
On Day 70 (1 July 2006) at approximately 4:30 a.m., it is alleged Ashley slapped his penis on Camilla's face while John held her down.
Later that day, Ashley and John were removed from the House under escort due to their breach of the rules.
Queensland Police were informed of the incident but do not plan to pursue the matter.
During his time in the House, Ashley had been up for eviction only once.
While all former 2006 Big Brother housemates and intruders were all reunited for the 2006 Finale]], disqualified housemates, Ashley and John were not invited to attend and participate.
She entered the House on Day 0 with the rest of the original housemates of the series.
She was evicted from the house on Day 9 along with Anna when they received the most nominations in a special 'Most Annoying' vote by hous a hidden room—accessible via the eviction exit passageway—called the Revenge Room.
Upon their arrival they were shown the nominations for 'most annoying' housemate.
Camilla reacted particularly badly to Tilli's nomination in which Tilli described Camilla as "forced and fake".
Big Brother gave the two housemates control on the house and allowed them to enact revenge on their housemates.
After being slated for eviction, which resulted in a nickname of 'the Veteran' from her fellow housemates, she was up for eviction in Weeks 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 9, 10, 12 and 14.
This was the most nominations with nine towards one housemate beating Bree Amer's eight nominations.
She was up for eviction every week she was eligible except for Week 8 and Week 11.
(she was immune from nomination in Week 2 after her false eviction in Week 1, she was initially nominated in Week 13, but was removed from the eviction line-up after Jamie took 3 points off her.)
On Day 70, Camilla was involved in an incident where she was allegedly sexually assaulted by Ashley and John who were removed from the house as a result of their actions.
During The Prize Fight, Big Brother told Camilla before a game that she was the worst performer in the history of Friday Night Live, being eliminated in the 1st round 8 times.
However, she did come runner-up on the World Cup Night along with eventual winner David.
In October 2006, Camilla relocated to Brisbane where she became part of the breakfast team with B105.
Camilla has given birth to baby boy Charlie with the B105 sound technician, Glen Krohn.
Camilla received the most fines whilst isolated in the Big Brother house; totalling $105,000 Camilla left radio station B105 (now Hit 105) in 2011, to take up an opportunity with on Breakfast with Nova in Brisbane.
This did not go well, and she left that station quickly.
She remained with that network, presenting on a digital only channel, "Koffee".
Ultimately, she moved to Bali, and has settled down there.
She gave a revealing recorded interview to Meshel Laurie, in 2015.
He entered the House on Day 80 (11 July) as one of two replacement housemates who entered the House after the removal of John and Ashley.
He is into punk/rock music, and bands like Taking Back Sunday, My Chemical Romance, and The Used.
Chris was evicted in a Surprise Eviction on a Wednesday, on Day 95 (26 July), with 69% of the merged vote.
She entered the House on Day 0 with the rest of the original housemates of the series.
She entertained the House with various original songs, as housemates are forbidden to sing any commercial music.
Claire is a vegetarian and is concerned about conservation of the environment.
When asked during Housemates on Trial if she would eat meat to win the prize money, she said she wouldn't, and the Layered Voice Analysis said she was telling the truth.
This was in response to her saying on Launch that she would eat meat for a million dollars, the amount of money the winner would have won had the housemates not incurred any fines.
Claire was nominated for eviction in Week 2.
She was also put up for potential nomination in the Under the Radar vote but did not receive enough audience votes to be nominated for eviction.
Claire won Friday Night Live in Week 9, and took Rob to the Rewards Room because he was the only housemate, other than the recently arrived Intruders, who had never been in there.
She used her Three Point Twist on David during the following Monday's Nominations, however this failed to remove him from the line-up.
The reduction in his points put him into a third place tie with Camilla, so David remained up for eviction while Camilla was added to the eviction line-up.
Claire was born in Geelong, but at a young age, relocated to the Gold Coast where she completed the majority of her primary and secondary education.
Claire was evicted from the house on Day 92, with 49% of the merged vote.
On leaving the house she met Jamie Brooksby's (fellow housemate, eventual winner of the series) brother, Jon.
Claire and Jon have been dating ever since.
Claire travelled to Borneo in June 2007 to produce her first wildlife documentary exploring the plight of the orangutan.
This production was sponsored by Kumuka travel (a sponsor of Big Brother).
Since leaving the big brother house Claire has been named an ambassador for numerous wildlife charities including WWF (World Wildlife Fund), AOP (Australian Orangutan Project) and Australia Zoo Wildlife Warriors.
Danielle was the third Intruder to enter the House on Day 24, the other two being Rob and Jade.
She was the youngest housemate of Big Brother 2006.
Danielle became romantically involved with Dino after Katie's 20th birthday party.
However, she had told other housemates such as John and Michael that she had similar feelings for John.
The situation was openly described as being a love triangle by several housemates, but this situation came to a halt with Dino's eviction on Day 43, after which John refused to pursue Danielle.
Dani's 19th birthday was on Day 47.
During her party, she was speaking without her microphone which was discarded when she changed clothes.
Because of this, she spent the remainder of her birthday in the Punishment Room cleaning dirty dentures, themed by the Scream Week task and her Scream Week-themed birthday party.
Danielle was nominated for eviction with Camilla and Rob and was the 8th person evicted from the House on Day 50, receiving 44% of the merged vote.
The night after her eviction she was on the Nominations show, Dino was also on the show as a special guest.
The two made up and made it clear that "everything was alright" between them.
In August 2006, Danielle managed to have a #41 hit single in Australia with a cover version of the 1988 Underworld song "Underneath The Radar".
The song was also performed on the final eviction show for Big Brother Series 2006.
He was an Intruder housemate, taking the place of intended Intruder Gina who failed to report to lockdown at the allocated time, entering the house on Day 60 (21 June).
On entering the House, Darren initially disliked Perry, John, and Jamie, but developed a strong bond with David.
Darren was nominated for eviction in Week 11, but David removed him from the line-up using the Three Point Twist.
Darren won the third Friday Night Live he participated in, themed "Yankee Doodle Night", and asked David if he wished to go to the rewards room with him, but David replied "Just because you're a guy, doesn't mean I want to bonk you"; and Darren decided to take Krystal to the Rewards Room.
Darren was nominated for eviction on Week 12 along with David and Camilla.
He used the Three Point Twist to deduct three points from himself.
This reduction in his nomination points tally brought him into the third-place tied position with Krystal, so he remained up for eviction and Krystal was added to the eviction line-up.
Darren was the last of the second set of Intruders to leave the house on Day 85, with 73% of the merged vote, the highest merged eviction percentage of the series.
David entered the house on Day 0 with the rest of the original housemates of the series.
David revealed to the housemates he was gay on Day 4.
David bonded immediately with Camilla (although she was upset when he and Tilli kissed as a joke soon after he revealed he was gay), and later Intruder Rob joined their group.
David was happy to have another gay man in the house, and they remained close until Rob's eviction.
He bonded with Michael, and was visibly upset after learning Michael had lied to the housemates repeatedly as the Insider.
Michael and David were still close enough that the blurred lines of their friendship led David to ask Michael if he was gay.
Soon after, Michael led other housemates to believe David had stolen their toothbrushes.
This led to some heated arguments until after Michael's eviction, when Big Brother told them Michael was the culprit.
David and Camilla also grew somewhat apart as time went on.
Due to his feeling that Camilla was playing nice with other housemates to avoid being nominated by them, David nominated her in Week 10, a decision that caused him some anguish.
David eventually became very good friends with Claire, despite of some ideological differences (she was a vegetarian, he was a sheep farmer).
David also had an initially close friendship with Intruder Darren.
David won Friday Night Live in Week 7, won a trip to Vietnam and took Camilla to the rewards room; he took the 3 points off Ashley, even though he himself was up for nomination.
He said only a "jerk" would take points from himself.
David won again in Week 10, took Perry to the rewards room (she was runner-up in the game), and won a trip to Thailand.
David was up for eviction in Weeks 4, 8, 10, 11, 12, and 13.
He was originally nominated in Week 5, but Gaelan removed three points from him, clearing him from the eviction line-up.
In Week 11 David again used his Three Point Twist on someone else (Darren) in spite of being up for nomination himself.
This act successfully removed Darren from the eviction line-up.
David was evicted on Day 99 along with Max as part of a Double Eviction the day before the Finale.
David had more 'save' votes than eventual series winner Jamie, but was still evicted, as Jamie had less 'evict' votes than David, with the final tally coming out in Jamie's favour.
As David was entering the auditorium, a male audience member ran towards David, but was tackled to the ground by Dreamworld security officers.
It was later revealed that the man was a friend of David's, and he was wanting to inform him that the Melbourne Demons had clinched an AFL Finals spot.
During the eviction David was reunited with his boyfriend Sherif, whom he met four weeks before entering the house.
The reunion was an emotional one, with David clearly overwhelmed by the audience’s positive response and the fact that his boyfriend of only four weeks had waited for him after three months of separation.
Some of David's photos had been stolen from his home, and somebody tried to sell one on eBay.
The auction was closed early by eBay, and police looked into the matter.
David was the winner of Australia's Brainiest BB06 Housemate.
He was a competitor in the current series of Dancing with the Stars, but was voted out on 10 April 2007.
He currently runs a business trading as Farmer Dave Dog Centre, as well as making occasional appearances on television programs such as the Australian edition of Ready Steady Cook.
Dino moved to Australia as a refugee with his family in 1992 from Bosnia via Germany after escaping war there.
He was the seventh housemate to be evicted from the house on Day 43 along with Jade, attracting 5% of the merged vote.
During his stay in the house, Dino attracted much attention for what many viewers perceived as arrogant comments made about fellow housemates.
After his eviction, Dino denied these allegations.
After being evicted he was shown footage depicting the growing attraction between Danielle and John that developed simultaneous to his flirtatious relationship with her.
Dino stated that he regretted never clarifying with Danielle that he did not see their relationship as serious, claiming that he felt John and Danielle made a good couple and that he did not wish to stand in their way.
His closest friends in the house were John, Michael, and Jamie.
Jamie was clearly distraught by Dino's departure from the house.
His most memorable moment was spending half a day within 5 metres of Camilla as a dare, which created much distress and confusion for some housemates and amusement and laughter for the others.
Dino was comically titled the "arrogant wanker" on Rove Live, a title which he seemed proud to carry.
Since leaving the house, his relationship with Dani has ended.
She moved to Australia when she was 5 years old and did not speak a word of English.
She entered the house on Day 0 with all of the original housemates.
During the Friday Night Live games, she was mocked on numerous occasions by co-host Ryan Fitzgerald and host Mike Goldman, though their comments may be interpreted as jokes.
Throughout her stay she was seen as one of the quieter housemates and this quietness was regarded as a major contributor to her nomination and subsequent eviction in the second week.
On her Eviction Night, she did not attract the most evict votes out of the five housemates up for eviction, but she received less save votes than the other housemates.
She attended Fort Street High School in Petersham, New South Wales and later attended the University of New South Wales.
She was employed to commence her traineeship position as an analyst at prestigious investment bank Goldman Sachs just before she entered the house.
He entered the House on Day 0 along with the original housemates.
He formed a relationship with Krystal.
Gaelan was only ever up for eviction once, in Week 10.
Before the week of his eviction, Gaelan had only ever received 1 nomination point.
Gaelan's nomination came from only two housemates, Camilla and David, with Camilla suggesting Gaelan was going Under the Radar and purposely avoiding conflict to win the game.
While Gaelan was often perceived to be most popular with the public by his fellow housemates, he was in fact the least popular original housemate.
While in the house, Gaelan frequently acted as a comedian, which is what led his housemates to believe that he was popular with the viewers.
However, most of Gaelen's "comedy" and language was too racy for the show's 7pm time slot, leading to him being perceived by viewers as something of a non-entity who rarely appeared on the daily show (as edited by Gaelan).
He was evicted on Day 71 with 48% of the merged public vote.
He also appeared on an episode of The Wedge as Lucy's new boyfriend.
Gaelan is a supporter of the Melbourne Victory football club.
She entered the house on Day 24 with the two other Intruders Rob and Danielle.
She entered the house second after Rob and was given an incredibly enthusiastic reception by the women in the house.
However, some time after Danielle entered the house Jade began to feel isolated from the rest of the house.
She was given the task as the new Insider on Day 24 after the previous Insider, Michael, had his role revealed by Big Brother to the housemates.
Jade was the 6th housemate evicted from the house on Day 42 with 8% of the merged vote.
Dino was evicted the same night, it being a Double Eviction.
He entered the house on Day 0 with the other 14 original housemates.
He formed a romantic relationship with fellow housemate Katie.
Jamie was up for eviction for the first time in Week 8, but Katie was evicted.
He was then up for eviction the following week and again survived.
Jamie was banned from nominating other housemates in Week 10 as a punishment for repeated rule-breaking including what Big Brother considered as Jamie discussing nominations (in particular, who nominated whom).
The rules of the show ban any discussion about nominations to prevent housemate alliances from forming.
Jamie largely avoided conflict with fellow housemates.
He admitted to not washing his underpants for over three months.
He was compared to Ben Stiller's character Derek Zoolander from the movie Zoolander, not only because of his constant need to check his hair, but also because of his voice and his frequent usage of the word 'like.'
A Big Brother show once showed a clip in which the amount of 'like's Jamie used in a thirty-second discussion were tallied: eight.
Although picked by Centrebet to be the runner-up, Jamie won Big Brother 2006 with 53% of the merged vote.
He received $426,000 as the winner of the series.
He joked that he would spend the money on a solid gold house and a rocket car, as Chester Lampwick did in The Simpsons episode The Day the Violence Died.
On the night he was announced as winner, Jamie was reunited with Katie, and the pair proclaimed their love for one another.
Katie had heard little from Jamie since the finale, until 22 August when Jamie spent 24 hours in the window of Myer Melbourne as part of a Bonds underwear promotion, and Katie spent some of the time with him.
He returned to Perth on 30 August 2006, for five days.
He is of Austrian and Brazilian descent.
Along with Krystal, he was voted as going "Under the Radar" by the public on Day 38, and was subsequently put up for eviction later that week, but survived the vote.
He has slight facial twitches and tics, and early in the series told the housemates that he had a mild case of Tourette syndrome; although he later claimed he does not believe that he has it.
John won "Pommy Night", an English-themed Friday Night Live on Day 55, and took Claire to the Rewards Room.
On Day 70 (1 July 2006) John, and Ashley, were removed from the House for breach of rules, after alleged sexual misconduct against Camilla.
Queensland Police were notified of the incident but decided to not pursue the case.
While being held in isolation immediately after his removal, John expressed a desire to leave the country to visit relatives in Austria in order to escape the negative publicity.
While all former 2006 Big Brother housemates and intruders were all reunited for the 2006 [[Big Brother Australia#Finale|Finale, disqualified housemates, Ashley and John were not invited to attend and participate.
She entered the house on Day 0 with her daughter Krystal and was immediately given the task along with daughter Krystal to keep their relationship a secret.
They successfully passed the task and so were immune from nominations the following week.
In Week 3, Karen stated that she was sick of the game and was disappointed when Big Brother told the housemates that they were not guaranteed prizes.
Her negative reaction to this provoked some of her housemates to nominate her for eviction that week.
She was the clear favourite to leave that week and did so becoming the 3rd evicted from the house on Day 21 with 36% of the merged vote.
She had been described as a hippy mother in compilation footage shown to viewers of the series.
Katie entered the house on Day 0 and formed a romantic relationship with fellow housemate Jamie.
She won Friday Night Live on Day 41, and chose to take Jamie to the Rewards Room with her.
In Week 7, Camilla, Rob, and Danielle were up for eviction.
Katie used her Three Point Twist on Camilla, but the eviction line-up did not change.
She was up for eviction in Week 8 with David and Jamie, and despite being one of the more popular housemates with the public and an early contender for winner, she stated that she wanted to be the contestant to leave so she then became the 9th evictee, leaving the house on Day 57 .
Katie was reunited with Jamie at the Finale where they declared their love for one another.
Katie was considered one of the top ten most popular contestants of all time with her quick banner and care free attitude.
Katie and Jamie broke up shortly after the show.
Rumours circulated that Jamie was unfaithful to Katie but Katie would not confirm or deny the rumours.
Katie appeared on the 2007 Kath & Kim episode "Work", as Kel Knight's (Glenn Robbins) butcher apprentice.
Katie also appeared on a number of other TV shows including Rove Live and The Brainiest House Mate.
Katie modelled for Pirate bikinis and men magazines after the show.
Katie left the entertainment industry and went back to university where she was granted an invite into the Golden Key Society as she made the top 10% of students.
She now is an International Manager for a Global Company and is rumoured to be engaged to the companies Lawyer who works in the same field.
She entered the house at the beginning of the series with her mother Karen, who have both had matching breast implants, and they were given the task of keeping their relationship a secret for a week.
Day ?
They successfully passed the task and were immune from nominations the following week.
Krystal was subsequently up for eviction in Weeks 3, 4, 6, 10, 11, 12, and 13.
In Week 6, Danielle used her Three Point Twist on Krystal, removing her from the eviction line-up, however in that week the public voted her as Under the Radar, and was put up for eviction.
While in the house Krystal entered a relationship with Gaelan.
Krystal was injured during Day 62's Friday Night Games.
She had to leave the Friday Night Live arena and was treated by a doctor in the spare room, receiving nine stitches under her chin.
Due to her injuries she was told it was best to sit out for the next Friday Night Live, instead being given Chinese food while she sat out, watching the games from inside the arena.
Krystal's birthday was on 12 July 2006 (Day 81), and she had a Pirate-themed party, revelating around the task they had at the time.
She was also given a chocolate fountain.
Krystal was evicted in a double eviction (along with Claire) on Day 92, with 34% of the merged vote.
Krystal appeared on the cover of the June Issue of Ralph magazine as well as appearing on the cover of The Shed three times.
She has secured a 12-month contract with lad's mag Zoo Weekly where she will write a regular column, feature in TV campaigns and appear on the cover of a late August 2006 issue.
She entered the House as an Intruder on Day 60 (21 June), and was evicted on Day 64 in a Housemate-Intruder vote.
She revealed in her introduction package that she is bisexual, this is something her mother in the audience did not know prior to watching it.
Lauren broke two records while being in the house: she spent the shortest ever time in the Big Brother House (4 days), and she was the only Big Brother Australia housemate not to receive any fines since the concept came into action in 2005.
He resides in Sydney's western suburbs and his parents are of Italian heritage.
He entered the house on Day 80 (11 July) as a replacement housemate, and took with him a gift for Perry, but he was put in lockdown before she was evicted.
The gift was a T-shirt that read "Let's not spoil the moment by talking".
Camilla could later be seen wearing the T-shirt.
Max was evicted on Day 99 in the Final Sunday Eviction, with 10% of the merged vote.
Max's father owns a café at the University of Sydney, and several members of the family run the business.
He is of Anglo-Celtic and Filipino descent.
Michael was the first housemate to enter the Big Brother House this year.
On Day 2, he was given the task of the Insider by Big Brother, having been chosen by the viewing public.
If he succeeded in his tasks, he would be immune from being nominated, but if he failed he would automatically be put up for eviction.
He failed his first mission within minutes of being assigned the task, which was to secretly spill water on a bed that was occupied by two housemates.
Michael opted to spill water on Gaelan's bed, which at the time was only used by Gaelan himself.
Because of that, and because he also didn't empty the whole bottle, he was awarded his first strike.
Soon after, he was given other missions, one of which was to be nominated by at least eight of his fellow housemates in the next round of nominations.
To complete this mission he fabricated a story about a custody issue concerning his young son Reuben, claiming he wanted to leave the house to concentrate on this issue.
After Big Brother revealed to the other housemates that Michael was the Insider, and that the Reuben story was pure fiction, Michael faced a strong backlash from several housemates angry at being duped in this way, especially from Anna, who had little contact with her father, and David, who was angry at the depth and complexity of the lies Michael had told.
It was revealed on Michael's eviction night that Reuben is the name of one of Michael's real life friends.
Despite no longer being the Insider, Michael continued to cause conflict in Week 5, hiding cutlery as well as hiding the housemates' toothbrushes from them, never revealing their locations even after he had been evicted, attempting to create doubts as to whether or not there is another insider inside the house besides Michael.
He was the 5th housemate to be evicted from the house on Day 36, with 20% of the merged vote.
The day after he was evicted, Michael appeared on the Nominations show and had a heated discussion with Gretel Killeen about the producers' editing regarding a scene where Michael and housemate David appeared to be kissing.
The outfall resulted in media attention and the interview with Gretel was later labelled "The Gretel Incident" by some fans due to Gretel's hostile interviewing tactics during the scene.
The show initially refused to broadcast the footage of the alleged kiss, but relented after pressure from Michael and Big Brother fans.
The footage revealed that Michael and housemate David did not kiss, despite Gretel insisting during the interview that they did kiss.
The day after this incident Michael appeared on Rove Live.
When asked about "The Gretel Incident", Michael suggested that Friday Night Live and Big Brother UpLate host Mike Goldman, or Friday Night Live co-host and former housemate Ryan Fitzgerald, would be better hosts of Big Brother than Gretel Killeen.
Not long after being evicted, Michael was involved in a brawl with music student Tristan Bauer, allegedly punching him in the head at the Eastern Hotel in Bondi Junction, Sydney.
Mr. Bauer claimed that the attack was unprovoked, although Michael's agency, Harry M. Miller, has stated that he only reacted after 'homophobic' comments had been made in his direction.
Michael was never formally charged with any offence.
As has become custom over the history of the show, Michael appeared along with all the other 2006 housemates on the Rove Live episode of the week of the final.
Michael was asked if he had any regrets.
His response was that he regretted that John and Ashley were not on the show and questioned Rove as to why he did not have them on the show.
She is a single mother of one and is of Greek descent.
Perry entered the House on Day 60 (21 June).
As of that date she had become the oldest housemate on Big Brother Australia yet, as well as being the one hundredth housemate on the series.
In Week 10 Perry was runner up in Friday Night Games.
David won and took her to the rewards room.
In Week 11 Perry was nominated for eviction, and then she was evicted on Day 78.
Perry had attracted 64% of the merged vote.
Three of the housemates who had nominated Perry (Camilla, Jamie and Krystal) later told Big Brother that they regretted nominating her.
He is of Anglo-Celtic and Lebanese descent.
He entered the house on Day 24 as an Intruder, along with Danielle and Jade, and the fact that he was gay was quickly the topic of conversation between Camilla and David, creating friendships between them that lasted the entirety of his stay in the house.
He was fast to instill doubt within other housemates as to the honesty of Michael.
Rob was perceived by some in the house, especially Michael as bitchy, but others as warm and amusing.
He had an increasingly tense relationship with Michael and Jamie until they made peace in Week 9.
He was up for eviction in Week 7 and Week 9, where he was evicted on Day 64, and was the last of the first set of Intruders to leave the house.
On Rove the following week, Rove offered to cut Rob's mullet.
Rob agreed as long as it was for charity.
When he tried to cut it however, Rove was unable to get the scissors through his hair.
She entered the House on Day 0 with all the original housemates and was straight away seen to be bitchy.
Tilli kissed housemate David on Day 4 soon after he came out, which caused conflict with Camilla, who was still recovering from the realisation that David was not attracted to her because he was gay.
When prompted in the Diary Room about who she found annoying, Tilli commented that Camilla was "forced and fake", which Camilla eventually saw replayed back to her when she was in the Revenge Room.
Tilli was the first evictee, leaving the House on Day 14 with 20% of the merged vote along with Elise in a Double Eviction.
She was given a second opportunity to enter the House as one of the Intruders that entered the house on 21 June's Intruders - Incoming show, but she did not arrive for lockdown at the Gold Coast as arranged, so she was replaced by Darren, a stand-by housemate.
Claire will begin her own environmental show (filmed in Borneo), Krystal was a contestant on the 2007 season of It Takes Two, David was a contestant on Dancing with the Stars from February to April 2007.
Additionally, Camilla hosted a breakfast radio show in Brisbane.
Danielle recorded a single "Underneath The Radar" and had minor chart success in Australia.
The National Aviation Intelligence Integration Office (NAI2O) is the lead organization for coordinating and integrating the United States Government's (USG) Intelligence Community (IC) perspective on civil aviation issues.
NAI20 brings together the Global Aviation Community Of Interest (GACOI) to improve civil aviation safety and security through communication and intelligence/information sharing in order to produce integrated and actionable aviation intelligence.
The concept of the NAI2O originated in the findings of The National Commission on Terrorist Attacks Upon the United States (also known as The 9/11 Commission), The Intelligence Reform and Terror Prevention Act (IRTPA), Presidential directives, and additional USG and IC aviation security plans.
The goal is to support national policy and decision makers on aviation issues and perform actions as directed by The Office of the Director of National Intelligence's (ODNI) Strategic Guidance.
NAI2O accomplishes this, in part by orchestrating Inter-Agency (IA) & IC collaboration on the collection & production of all relevant and appropriate information required to fully inform USG leaders, thus enabling clear & concise policy and resource decisions to be made in an efficient manner.
The Rose Tattoo is an album by jazz musician Freddie Hubbard recorded in December 1983 and released on the Japanese Baystate label.
Darrell "J.R." Salzman (born 1979) is a champion logroller and an Iraq War veteran.
ESPN has called him "among the preeminent outdoors athletes" of the last decade.
Salzman grew up in Hayward, Wisconsin.
His sisters, Tina Bosworth and Crystal Salzman, are also top logrollers.
He attended the University of Minnesota Twin Cities, and graduated with a Bachelor of Science in Education from the University of Wisconsin–Stout.
In 2005 he was awarded the Best Outdoor Sportsman ESPY.
Between 1998 and 2015, he won ten world titles at the Lumberjack World Championships in Hayward.
Between 2010 and 2015, Salzman competed with the advanced effects of Lyme disease  but despite this, he managed to secure two more world titles, tying with Canadian logroller Jubiel Wickheim for most logrolling titles.
Salzman used his log rolling skills as a stuntman in the film Cheaper by the Dozen 2.
Salzman runs a small business by the name of Salzman Custom Sawing which focussed on turning trees into lumber, slabs, furniture and various other products.
He has also spent his time working as a freelance journalist, specifically writing about his endeavors in the military as well as right-wing politics.
He was assigned to the Minnesota National Guard.
His unit was activated as part of the 34th Infantry Division in the fall of 2005 and in the spring of 2006, he was deployed to Iraq.
On December 19, 2006, his vehicle was struck by an Explosively Formed Penetrator.
His right arm was severed below the elbow, his left hand was pulverized by the blast, and he suffered a traumatic brain injury.
He recovered at Walter Reed Army Medical Center and a nearby Fisher House, learning to use a prosthetic arm and recover his physical skills.
He is considered 100 percent physically disabled.
Nevertheless, after returning to Hayward, he successfully logrolled again, practicing with and without his prosthetic.
Salzman returned to competition and won a log rolling world title in 2009.
When he completes his education, he hopes to go into teaching.
Salzman married his girlfriend, Josie Salzman, on March 10, 2006 before he deployed to Iraq.
They have since divorced.
Together they have one son.
"Va, dal furor portata", K. 21 / K6 19c, is an early concert aria in C major for tenor and orchestra by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart.
It was written 1765 in London during the Mozart family grand tour around Europe when Mozart was nine years old.
The words are from Metastasio's Ezio, act 2, scene 4, by the character Massimo.
Faidiva of Toulouse (1133 – 1154), was a Countess Consort of Savoy; married in 1151 to Humbert III, Count of Savoy.
She was the daughter of Alfonso Jordan.
She died childless.
The Prodigal Planet is a 1983 Christian end times film.
It is the fourth and final film in the Thief in the Night series, based on an evangelical interpretation of Bible prophecy and the rise of the Antichrist.
Unlike the other films in the series that were filmed in Iowa, this one was filmed in New Mexico.
The Antichrist and his world government find their grip on power slowly slipping away as Jesus Christ's return draws near.
One of the lead characters from the previous film, David Michaels (played by William Wellman Jr.), is now part of a growing underground movement of Christian believers trying to stay out of the government's hands and thus escape execution.
The government is using underground agents to infiltrate this movement.
David's mission is to take an RV across a nuclear-devastated landscape to Albuquerque, where he will meet with other underground believers to await Jesus Christ's final return.
The earth by this time is populated by doomsday people, mutants as a result of the nuclear exchanges.
After rescuing one of them, Jimmy, David leads him to Jesus Christ.
Jimmy later bravely dies to save the others from Jerry, and leaves Jerry their temporary captive.
Connie Wright (played by Terri Lynn Hall) is a government agent pretending to be a Christian.
She rescues David from his internment at UNITE, then tries to get David to reveal the believers' secret hideout.
Along the way, they rescue Linda and her daughter, Jody.
Linda is a scientific researcher, brilliant, but terrified.
Jody is a spoiled brat who, after being told off by Jimmy, begins to change.
She even starts to slowly accept David's preaching.
The same cannot be said of Linda, who is too rational a scientist to accept David's faith.
But Linda is actually evidence of divine providence, because her scientific specialty is radiation.
So as they travel through the war-ravaged nation, Linda's knowledge keeps them alive and provides crucial guidance.
She feels guilty, though, because she was part of the team that helped create the mutant doomsday people.
David suspects Linda of being a spy, since it seems that government agents always know where they are.
But Linda is the only trustworthy one: Jody is discovered to have been transmitting their position inadvertently, and Connie did so deliberately.
Connie is later picked up by a senior UNITE officer (dubbed "General Goon" by David in Image of the Beast).
They are soon killed as their van goes out of control and runs into a train.
At the end of the movie, Jody accepts Jesus Christ as her Savior, while Linda still thinks about the matter, or at least she does not yet openly receive Jesus Christ on camera.
Meanwhile, a badly wounded and sobbing Jerry is shown in the ruins of the UNITE military base, which is then destroyed by explosions, but not before he rips off his UNITE armband in disgust.
Taikoo Dockyard and Engineering Company () was a dockyard in what is now Taikoo Shing, MTR Tai Koo Station and part of Taikoo Place of Quarry Bay on the Hong Kong Island in Hong Kong.
The suggestion was made several times in the late 19th century but was opposed by John Samuel Swire as uneconomic and too far outside their usual interests.
The need, however, for adequate, reliable and easily available overhaul facilities in the East increased and the dockyard was eventually begun in 1900–01 at Quarry Bay.
It was registered in Britain with John Swire & Sons appointed as London Managers, Butterfield & Swire Eastern Managers and Scotts Shipbuilding and Engineering Company as expert advisers.
The first ship for CNCo was built by 1910, but it was 16 years before there was a profit on the working account and 20 before a dividend was declared.
The dockyard's chief competitor was the Hong Kong and Whampoa Dock Company from whom the new firm faced considerable hostility for many years until a working agreement was reached between them in 1913.
Beginning in Colonial Hong Kong, Whampoa Dockyard Company and "Taikoo Dockyard and Engineering Company" were crucial for the economy.
Together with the United Kingdom, these two docks in Hong Kong built the largest ships in the world in that era.
Simultaneously, China had multiple dockyards such as Shanghai Dock and Engineering Company in 1906, Tung Hwa Shipbuilding Works in 1910 and the Shanghai Dockyards Ltd in 1937.
Though Hong Kong's dockyards always gave the British complete freedom in ship construction.
In the 1930s Shanghai experienced difficult times through events such as the Battle of Shanghai in the Second Sino-Japanese War.
Hong Kong's Taikoo Dockyard continued its own government training schools, which were later superseded by Hong Kong's Technical College.
By the Second World War other countries finally began building larger ships than Hong Kong.
In 1940 the British company went into voluntary liquidation so that a new one could be opened and registered in Hong Kong and the dockyard continued to expand after the Second World War despite the destruction caused by the Japanese in their occupation in 1942–45.
The Swire Group subsequently decided to use the land to develop a large private housing estate, Taikoo Shing.
Closing in the early 1970s, the operation later merged with Whampoa Dockyard of Hutchison Whampoa to form a Hong Kong United Dockyard at the west coast of Tsing Yi Island on the western shore of new territories.
Autolycus 1917 for the Ocean Steam Ship Company - Steamer, 5,806 tons.
Was the largest vessel built in a British territory outside the United Kingdom at the time.
1920 for the China Navigation Co – converted as submarine depot ship and then in 1943 by the Royal Australian Navy as a mobile repair ship; return to Royal Navy in 1946 and return to CNC in Hong Kong and broken up in 1949.
after WWII.
Sold several times between Hong Kong companies before acquisition by Tai Tak Hing Shipping Company.
Sunk with loss of 88 lives during Typhoon Rose in 1971.
1934 for the China Navigation Co –  passenger and cargo liner sunk by  near Tobruk in 1941.
Breconshire 1939 for the Glen Line - 10,000-ton passenger-cargo liner and largest ship built to date by any Hong Kong dockyard.
Assemblage refers to a text "built primarily and explicitly from existing texts to solve a writing or communication problem in a new context".
The concept was first proposed by Johndan Johnson-Eilola (author of Datacloud) and Stuart Selber in the journal Computers & Composition in 2007.
The notion of assemblages builds on remix and remix practices, which blur distinctions between invented and borrowed work.
This idea predates modernism, with the quote by Edgar Allan Poe, "There is no greater mistake than the supposition that a true originality is a mere matter of impulse or inspiration.
To originate, is carefully, patiently, and understandingly to combine."
The authors discuss the intertextual nature of writing and assert that participation in existing discourse necessarily means that composition cannot occur separate from that discourse.
They state that "productive participation involves appropriation and re-appropriation of the familiar" in a manner that conforms to existing discourse and audience expectations.
In reference to intertextuality, Johnson-Eilola and Selber cite The Social Life of Information by John Seely Brown and Paul Duguid.
In this book Brown and Duguid state that the meaning of and use for a text is directly influenced both by its source texts and the broader textual context in which it participates.
Building upon this notion, Johnson-Eilola and Selber position assemblage as a style of composition situated within postmodernism.
They state that "in a general sense, postmodern theories, and following them, cultural studies, offer a useful way of understanding assemblages (and the related process of remixing) as simultaneously social and textual structures."
Johnson-Eilola and Selber suggest that texts should always be treated as assemblages since composition is often highly intertextual.
Johnson-Eilola and Selber believe that composition should be undertaken as a problem solving activity rather than a demonstration of original ideas.
They write that "writing situations are, at base, problem-solving situations in one way or another," and offer assemblage as a form of problem solving that can be used alongside the creation of original text.
Michael J. Michaud writes that "assemblages are ubiquitous in contemporary workplaces" where problem solving is paramount because assemblage allows authors to "meet discursive needs and to get work done."
He further argues that students with workplace experience often transfer assemblage writing into the composition classroom.
Assemblage allows such authors to alter existing texts and combine them with original work in order to meet the demands of a writing situation or problem.
Remix, originally referring to a reworked song, has been extended to describe any significant alteration of media, most commonly film and literature.
Johnson-Eilola and Selber claim that remix "can aid invention, leverage intellectual and physical resources, and dramatize the social dimensions of composing."
However, they also recognize that "remixing as a form of composition inhabits a contested terrain of creativity, intellectual property, authorship, corporate ownership, and power."
While the practice of remixing is often marked by legal issues, the authors acknowledge that remix is nevertheless becoming an increasingly common creative form.
While assemblage is closely tied to remix, there are distinctions between the two.
In discussing models of writing, Liane Robertson, Kara Taczak, and Kathleen Blake Yancey describe remix models of writing as "prior knowledge revised synthetically to incorporate new concepts and practices into the prior model of writing."
In contrast, they define assemblage models as “grafting...isolated ‘bits’ of learning onto [a] prior structure without either recognition of differences between prior and current writing conceptions and tasks or synthesis of them."
While a remix is a synthesis or incorporation of elements, an assemblage is a combination in which there are recognizable boundaries between elements.
Assemblage and remix are also related to articulation.
The sociological practice of articulation, as described by Antonio Gramsci and Stuart Hall, among others, refers to the appropriation of elements of culture by various social groups.
Johnson-Eilola and Selber connect assemblage, remix, and articulation as examples of meaning being situated in a specific material and social context.
Johnson-Eilola and Selber claim that the traditional distinction between original and plagiarized work is that original work is superior in terms of creative effort and is not derivative.
They further assert that such a distinction is based upon outdated notions of "the lone genius" and is no longer practical in an academic setting.
While they concede that "teachers no longer evaluate writing completely as an isolated, decontextualized artifact," Johnson-Eilola and Selber maintain "at least one set of social forces suggests to students that using citations and quotations from source materials will be valued less than their own original text, a situation that may encourage them to conceal their sources."
While the current system of academic evaluation allows, and actually calls, for citation of source materials, Johnson-Eilola and Selber find that the placement of value on original work encourages students to hide sources in an attempt to demonstrate original thought.
The emphasis on original work, according to Johnson-Eilola and Selber, may actually contribute to plagiarism.
The authors believe that the emphasis on original work is unnecessary because "rhetorical purposes can be addressed in context by either original or borrowed/quoted texts without a hierarchy of distinction between the two."
Johnson-Eilola and Selber assert that despite shifting attitudes in academia, work produced by students at the scholastic and collegiate level is still evaluated in terms of its originality.
They find fault with the current evaluative process for two reasons.
First, the authors find that evaluating students for their originality is "increasingly unrealistic in our postmodern age" as this method is based on antiquated ideas of creativity.
Second, they treat the idea of isolating a student's unique composition from the inspiring source materials as unrealistic and futile.
For Johnson-Eilola and Selber, the ability to effectively contribute to academic or social discourse is what makes an assemblage valuable, not its "originality."
Rather than claiming originality is not to be valued, the authors see it as fundamentally problematic and misleading as an evaluative concept.
They suggest that academic evaluation be reconsidered with a new emphasis on affect: "What if the 'final' product a student produces—a text—is not concerned with original words or images on a page or screen but concerned primarily with assemblages of parts?
Importantly, in this reconception, the assemblages do not distinguish primarily between which parts are supposed to be original and which have been found and gathered from someplace else; assemblages are interested in what works, what has social effects."
In this model, the role of intertextuality is recognized as central to the composition of "new" material.
In support for their argument against the traditional view of plagiarism, Johnson-Eilola and Selber cite current critiques from other scholars.
They refer to Price, who argued that plagiarism cannot be defined as a single concept, but is dependent upon the cultural practice and conventions in a given situation.
They also acknowledge a presentation given by James Porter in 2006 at CCCC.
In his presentation Porter described how plagiarism is sometimes encouraged in the academic community, offering examples of "ways teachers plagiarize all the time—among them, sharing syllabi (with plagiarized plagiarism statements!
), using boilerplate text for administrative documents, and failing to acknowledge the bibliographic work of others."
Johnson-Eilola and Selber also refer to a 1993 article by Rebecca Moore Howard on "patchwriting," which describes a technique used by new authors.
Patchwriting "involves copying from a source text then deleting some words, altering grammatical structures, or plugging in one-to-one synonym-substitutes."
This technique can traditionally be viewed as a form of plagiarism, but it is also considered useful for learning how to communicate within expert discourse.
Johson-Eilola and Selber reference patchwriting in an attempt to demonstrate the practical uses of otherwise "plagiaristic" practices, not to establish a connection between patchwriting and assemblage.
While patchwriting can be a useful learning tool, it is completely distinct from assemblage.
Assemblage is more than the systematic replacement of like terms and is closer to the artistic style of collage.
This is a list of airlines currently operating in Tajikistan.
Kenneth Steven Geller (born September 22, 1947) is Managing Partner of the global law firm Mayer Brown LLP and a former Deputy Solicitor General of the United States and Assistant Special Prosecutor in the Watergate Special Prosecution Force.
Between 1973 and 1975, he served on the federal government's Watergate Special Prosecution Force as an Assistant Special Prosecutor.
In that position, Geller participated in criminal investigations and grand jury proceedings and took the deposition of President Richard Nixon in San Clemente, California, in February 1975.
Geller then joined the Office of the Solicitor General in the United States Department of Justice, serving from 1975 to 1979 as Assistant to the Solicitor General and from 1979 to 1986 as Deputy Solicitor General under Solicitors General Robert Bork, Wade McCree, Rex Lee, and Charles Fried.
In 1983, while serving as Deputy Solicitor General, Geller received the Presidential Rank Award for Distinguished Executive Service from President Ronald Reagan.
As Deputy Solicitor General, Geller handled the federal government's civil litigation in the Supreme Court and argued numerous cases involving, among other subjects, the civil liability of federal officials, judicial review of administrative action, the Freedom of Information Act and the Federal Tort Claims Act.
In 1986, Geller joined the law firm Mayer, Brown & Platt as a partner in its Washington, D.C. office.
He became a member of the firm's management committee in 1995, was named Vice Chairman in 2007, and became Managing Partner in 2009.
Geller also was Partner-in-Charge of Mayer Brown's Washington DC office between 1995 and 2007.
Geller's practice has focused on briefing and arguing cases in the Supreme Court of the United States, federal courts of appeals, and state supreme courts.
He has written or edited some 300 Supreme Court briefs and certiorari petitions, argued more than 40 cases before the Supreme Court, and briefed and argued dozens of cases in other state and federal appellate courts.
Chambers USA 2007 described Geller as "both incredibly organized and wonderfully clear.
He is superb when you need someone to take a highly complex area of law and distill it to its essence."
Prior to focusing on his duties as Managing Partner, Geller was named by Chambers USA to the Band 1 in the field of appellate law and was ranked as one of the Benchmark Appellate National and Washington DC Litigation Stars.
Geller is co-author of Supreme Court Practice (10th ed.
2013), as well as the Supreme Court chapters in Business and Commercial Litigation in Federal Courts (4th ed.
2015) and Federal Appellate Practice (2d ed.
2013).
He is particularly experienced in the areas of federal preemption of state law and constitutional law.
Geller has served on the Advisory Rules Committees of the District of Columbia Circuit, including two years as Chairman, and of the United States Court of Appeals for the Armed Forces.
In addition, Geller has been active for more than 25 years in the Supreme Court Historical Society, for which he currently serves as a Trustee and has served as Chairman of the Program Committee and the Publications Committee.
Geller also is a member of the case selection committee of the Product Liability Advisory Council, Inc. Geller has been a frequent speaker at conferences on appellate advocacy, Supreme Court practice, and product liability law.
The 2004 edition of Chambers USA put him at the top of its list, "America's Leading Lawyers for Business."
Chambers USA again commended Geller in 2006, calling him "a standout lawyer in a very talented group" and "extremely experienced and seasoned, with superb judgment."
In 2007, Chambers USA described Geller as "both incredibly organized and wonderfully clear.
He is superb when you need someone to take a highly complex area of law and distill it to its essence."
He graduated magna cum laude with a JD from Harvard Law School in 1971.
He is married to Judith Ratner, a pediatrician.
He has two children, Eric and Lisa, and a golden retriever, Maddie.
Libera me is a 1993 French experimental film directed by Alain Cavalier.
It was entered into the 1993 Cannes Film Festival.
The Best Years of Our Lives is the third studio album by Steve Harley & Cockney Rebel, released in 1975.
It was the first album that featured Harley's name ahead of the band's (the band was previously known simply as Cockney Rebel).
The album contains the band's only UK number one, the million-selling "Make Me Smile (Come Up and See Me)".
The album was produced by Harley and Alan Parsons.
As the tour progressed the band faced growing tensions.
After receiving a 'Gold Award' on 18 July for outstanding new act of 1974, Cockney Rebel disbanded a week later.
Jean-Paul Crocker, Milton Reame-James and Paul Jeffreys quit the band after having demanded to write material for the group, despite the initial understanding that Harley was the sole songwriter.
In August Harley announced to Record Mirror that he was going to return with "the greatest rock 'n' roll band ever heard".
In 2014 he recalled: "The people at my record label, EMI, were right behind me.
They believed I could find new band members without too much of a problem and continue on to a new level of success.
They believed it wasn't a major stumbling block."
Harley quickly began assembling the new line-up.
As the original band were booked to play Friars Aylesbury and the Reading Festival, on 24 and 25 August respectively, Harley formed a temporary line-up for the two shows.
With original member Stuart Elliott remaining, on drums, the line-up featured accomplished guitarist Jim Cregan, keyboard player Francis Monkman and bassist George Ford.
The new line-up was soon finalised and featured the same musicians, minus Monkman who was replaced by keyboardist Duncan Mackay.
Harley renamed the group Steve Harley & Cockney Rebel.
The new band played their first concert on 18 October 1974 at the Rainbow Theatre in London.
In November and December 1974 the band recorded Cockney Rebel's third album, The Best Years of Our Lives at Abbey Road Studios and Air Studios in London.
Meanwhile, at the beginning of November, Harley released his debut solo single "Big Big Deal", which aimed to keep the momentum of Cockney Rebel's recent hit releases going.
Preceding The Best Years of Our Lives was the single "Make Me Smile (Come Up and See Me)", which was released in January 1975.
Becoming the band's biggest hit, the song reached the number one spot on the UK Chart in February, and received a UK Silver certification that month.
As of 2015 it has sold around 1.5 million copies in the UK.
Years later, Harley would reveal that the lyrics spoke about the split of the original band and were vindictively directed at the former band members who, he felt, had abandoned him.
Over 120 cover versions of the song have been recorded by other artists.
Following the success of the single, The Best Years of Our Lives was released in March 1975, and reached #4 on the UK Albums Chart.
It debuted at that position on 22 March and remained in the Top 50 for nineteen weeks.
The album's second single, "Mr. Raffles (Man, It Was Mean)", was released in May and became another UK hit, reaching #13.
The song's titular character refers to the fictional thief A. J. Raffles, created by author E. W. Hornung.
To promote the album, the band embarked on a UK and European tour from March onwards.
On the tour, the band hired guitarist Snowy White to play rhythm guitar.
In a January 1975 issue of Record & Popswop Mirror it was announced that the upcoming tour would feature "a specially built set and lighting to reflect songs and images featured on the forthcoming album".
Later in the year they toured America, as a support act for The Kinks.
To celebrate the 40th anniversary of the album, along with "Make Me Smile", a 16-date UK tour was announced for November 2015.
Harley, who has continued to play with various Cockney Rebel incarnations since the 1970s, reunited with the surviving members of the original second line-up for the tour; Cregan, Elliott and Mackay.
The band's bassist, George Ford, had died in 2007.
The tour marked the first time that the line-up had played together since 1976.
On the tour the band performed two sets at each show: one featuring a selection of tracks from Harley and the band's career and the second featuring The Best Years of Our Lives album, in its entirety.
Speaking to Classic Rock, in March 2015, Harley commented: "The three guys are still my mates.
The fun we had back then, when we toured and recorded together, holds fabulous and special memories.
I'm thrilled to think they'll be up there on the great UK concert hall stages with me once again."
Later in 1991, the album received its first CD release through EMI, which featured two bonus tracks; "Another Journey", the B-Side to "Make Me Smile", as well as a live version of "Sebastian", recorded at the Hammersmith Odeon in London on 14 April 1975.
In 2001, BGO Records released a remastered edition of the album.
Although it did not feature any bonus tracks, the album was remastered from the original master tapes, and featured faithfully restored artwork with additional sleeve notes.
On 23 June 2014, a definitive edition of the album was released by Parlophone as a four CD + DVD box-set.
On disc one, aside from the original album, the B-Side "Another Journey" is included, as well as early demo version of "Make Me Smile (Come Up And See Me)" and "The Best Years of Our Lives" - both previously unreleased.
The second and third discs feature live tracks from the band's concert at the Hammersmith Odeon on 14 April 1975.
The 28-minute DVD features footage of the same concert.
The edition's project manager was Bethany Dawson, while the sleeve notes were written by Geoff Barton.
In August 2014, a 180-gram vinyl reissue of the album was released in the Netherlands by Music on Vinyl.
In nine songs, Harley wipes out his two-album apprenticeship with a stunning change of direction and commitment.
It is a coming of age, a political and religious protest, a brilliant snap-book for a generation, a puzzle.
In short, this third album demands attention.
It is completely fulfilling, a monster unleashed."
Liverpool Echo wrote: ""Make Me Smile" is undoubtedly one of the best singles of the year but this should not obscure the rest of the album.
Taken overall it is a great improvement on his previous efforts."
Pete Butterfield of the Reading Evening Post commented: "Like Harley or not, he's got a heap of talent.
This album is as full of ideas as the first stemming wholely from the unique vocal talent."
John Falding of the Birmingham Daily Post wrote: "One man who must have been listening to too much Ziggy, and more than a little Dylan, is Steve Harley.
The Best Years of Our Lives is a poor pastiche of Bowie a couple of years ago.
Harley has made an interesting single but the LP does not match it."
American magazine Cash Box commented: "Steve Harley and Cockney Rebel have a surefire smash with their latest on EMI.
This five piece band cooks and grinds in the David Bowie style with the emphasis on the spacey light pop rock sound that is very heavy today in the pop market.
This should get heavy FM play with our favorites "The Mad, Mad Moonlight," "It Wasn't Me," "Make Me Smile (Come Up and See Me)" and the title cut.
So get yourself a tuneup with Steve Harley and Cockney Rebel."
Justin Pierce of the Los Angeles Times wrote: "Stylistically, [the album] compares favorably with the acoustically based David Bowie/Mott the Hoople school of rock.
Harley continues to explore themes built around his views of a confused society and the changes it is constantly enduring.
Harley's writing is still in an embryonic stage, but there is promise."
Keith Sharp of the Calgary Herald commented: "All of a sudden, Harley's decided to take himself seriously.
Those bizarre, humorous lyrics that marked his last album have been replaced by Dylanesque social comment.
He can't blame his band for the pool quality of the record.
His new Rebels have saved the album by at least making it listenable."
Donald A. Guarisco of AllMusic retrospectively said: "By his third album, Steve Harley had developed a strong grasp of how to combine his artistic ambitions with strongly crafted pop tunes that win the casual listener over to his artsy cause.
The result was The Best Years of Our Lives, the most successful album of his mid-'70s heyday.
All in all, it is a fine, slickly crafted album that will delight Steve Harley enthusiasts and will also appeal to fans of glam-oriented 1970s English rock."
North Atlantic is a Lebanese restaurant base on Casual German Diners.
Their slogan is "Dive Into New Experience".
Also, there are some different meals like German Hotdog, grilled chicken or beef, burgers...
Moreover, they have a large varieties of smoothies and hot drinks.
The recommended meals are: Boldolerias, German Hotdog, Thai Soup, North Atlantic Sandwich, Charcoal Beef Burger...
Also, they have future projects to open branches in Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, and Oman.
Kachab Mahalleh (, also Romanized as Kachab Maḩalleh; also known as Kachap Maḩalleh) is a village in Estakhr-e Posht Rural District, Hezarjarib District, Neka County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.
At the 2006 census, its population was 971, in 193 families.
Elmor Tilley Kennedy (December 19, 1885 – July 15, 1953) was a physician, surgeon and political figure in the Province of New Brunswick, Canada.
He represented King's County in the Legislative Assembly of New Brunswick from 1939 to 1953 as a Conservative and then Progressive Conservative member.
He was born in Youngs Cove, New Brunswick the son of William E. Kennedy and Mary A. Gale.
Kennedy was educated at the University of New Brunswick and the Chicago Medical School.
He served in the Canadian Expeditionary Force in World War I as a medical officer.
In 1922, Kennedy married Marjorie Roach.
He was mayor of Sussex.
Kennedy was named speaker for the provincial assembly in 1953 but died in office later that year.
Kellys Cellars is a pub in Belfast, Northern Ireland, situated at 30 Bank Street in the city centre.
Built in March 14 1720, it is one of the oldest pubs of Belfast.
It sits in what used to be an alley way off Royal Avenue, but a few buildings were knocked down and now Kellys sits in a square beside Castlecourt, a major Belfast shopping centre.
It provides pub food and traditional music sessions.
It remains resolutely old-fashioned, with vaulted ceiling and elbow-worn bar and is crammed with bric-a-brac.
The original two-storey pub was built in 1720 by Belfast merchant Hugh Kelly who kept it as a bonded warehouse in which rum, gin and whiskey were his mainstays.
It was a meeting place for Henry Joy McCracken and the United Irishmen when they were planning the 1798 Rising.
The story goes that McCracken hid behind the bar when British soldiers came for him.
In September 2004 the pub had a grand re-opening under new management.
In 2007 a blue plaque was erected on the site by the Ulster History Circle stating that the Society of United Irishmen met there during the period 1791 to 1798.
The Ulster Architectural Heritage Society declared that "despite their present condition, all buildings currently proposed for delisting contribute to the value of Belfast’s fragile built heritage and are important resources to promote tourism, economic investment and social regeneration".
In March 2015 Belfast city councillors vowed to fight the Department of Environment over plans to remove protective listed status from Kelly's Cellars, now one of eight properties which the department has indicated that it plans to delist.
As part of the significant backlash against the proposal to delist Kelly's Cellars, an American lady, Meghan Finlay (née Rice) of Massachusetts, set up an online petition to stop it, based on the pub's historical significance.
The petition attracted more than 2,000 signatures and brought to international attention the fight to maintain the listed status of Kelly's Cellars.
The decision to strip the pub of its protected status has since been reversed.
It is with great pleasure (and no small relief!)
that we have just learned that Environment Minister Mark H Durkan announced the new listed buildings listing in Belfast, and that Kelly's Cellars is to RETAIN its listed status!
A piece of Belfast's heritage and history today avoided the executioner's axe, and we can continue to enjoy the music, the warmth and the welcome of Kelly's.
In between cheers and whoops of joy, we at Team Kelly's offer our sincerest thanks to all of you who spoke out on our behalf, with a special mention to Meghan Finlay who brought the petition online to save our status, and all of you who took the time to sign it.
Today's good news would not have come without your support.
You spoke - and you were heard!
Sláinte!"
Troy Meadows is a  nature preserve in Parsippany, Morris County, New Jersey.
Along with the Great Swamp, it is one of the remnants of Glacial Lake Passaic.
It was designated a National Natural Landmark in 1967.
It is the largest freshwater marsh in New Jersey, the Whippany River goes through the swamp before connecting with the Rockaway River.
It is part of the Northeastern coastal forests ecoregion.
This created folding and faulting, as compression occurred.
Then around 350 million years ago, the African plate collided with North America creating the folding and faulting in the Appalachians.
But when the African plate pulled away from North America, an aborted rift valley was created.
This half graben, starts east of Boonton and goes through the middle of Parsippany, south to Morristown, to the south end of Great Swamp.
From Parsippany and the Boonton area the half graben goes east to the western side of Paterson, were there was another fault by the lava flows.
East of the Ramapo Fault is where there is this aborted rift valley.
[19] The Ramapo fault goes through the county on a northeast–southwest axis.
The fault separates the Highlands from the Piedmont, also known as the Newark Basin.
The Wisconsin Glacier covered the area from 25,000 B.C.
to 13,000 B.C.
and when it melted due to climate warming, Glacial Lake Passaic was created.
The lake slowly drained and the meadows was created.
This is what created Troy Meadows.
Inside the marsh, there is a two mile boardwalk.
The Generalized vector space model is a generalization of the vector space model used in information retrieval.
Wong et al.
presented an analysis of the problems that the pairwise orthogonality assumption of the vector space model (VSM) creates.
From here they extended the VSM to the generalized vector space model (GVSM).
More specifically, the factor considered a new space, where each term vector ti was expressed as a linear combination of 2n vectors mr where r = 1...2n.
Term correlation  can be implemented in several ways.
For an example, Wong et al.
uses the term occurrence frequency matrix obtained from automatic indexing as input to their algorithm.
The term occurrence  and the output is the term correlation between any pair of index terms.
They measure semantic relatedness (SR) using a thesaurus (O) like WordNet.
It considers the path length, captured by compactness (SCM), and the path depth, captured by semantic path elaboration (SPE).
Building also on the first approach, Waitelonis et.
al.
have computed semantic relatedness from Linked Open Data resources including DBpedia as well as the YAGO taxonomy.
Thereby they exploits taxonomic relationships among semantic entities in documents and queries after named entity linking.
Marantu (, also Romanized as Mārāntū) is a village in Cham Chamal Rural District, Bisotun District, Harsin County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.
In a 2006 census, its population was reported to be 49.
During the 2002–03 Belgian football season, K.R.C.
Genk competed in the Belgian First Division.
They did accomplish the feat of making their debut in the Champions League group stages, but only picked up 4 points and finished bottom of their group.
Genk won on away goals.
Genk
Edmond Seward (26 September 1906 – 12 February 1954) was a Hollywood screenwriter who had originally attended Northwestern University and worked as a journalist, before doing some writing for Disney.
During the mid-1930s he was brought out to Australia by director Ken G. Hall, to write movies and train Australian screenwriters for Cinesound Productions.
"We hired him at one hundred pounds a week as a writer and he laughed at it, but he said he would like a trip to the South Seas, and he came for one hundred pounds a week and brought his wife", said Hall.
"He didn't know all that much as it turned out."
Seward ended up writing two films for Cinesound, Thoroughbred (1936) and Orphan of the Wilderness (1936), as well as adapting Thoroughbred into a novel.
He soon returned to Hollywood, with Hall claiming the writer "had not been a bell-ringing success".
Hall thought Seward may have been responsible  for plagiarising the end of Thoroughbred from the Frank Capra film, Broadway Bill (1934).
Seward later worked for Screen Gems and wrote a number of scripts for The Bowery Boys.
Teremoana Tapi Taio is a Cook Islands politician and former Cabinet Minister.
He is a member of the Cook Islands Democratic Party.
Taio was elected to the Cook Islands Parliament for the electorate of Akaoa at the 1999 election.
He served in the cabinet of Robert Woonton, and was responsible for the Finance portfolio following the resignation of Deputy Prime Minister Terepai Maoate from the Cabinet in 2003.
He lost his seat at the 2004 election, and did not contest it in 2006 for family reasons.
Taio is managing director of Taio Shipping.
He was appointed a director of the Cook Islands Investment Corporation in 2003.
He is partly of Norwegian descent.
In September 2010 he resigned from the Cook Islands Investment Corporation board in order to stand for election.
He ran for the seat of Akaoa in the 2010 elections, but was unsuccessful.
Saidabad (, also Romanized as Saʿīdābād; also known as Seyyedābād) is a village in Darzab Rural District, in the Central District of Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.
At the 2006 census, its population was 460, in 97 families.
Worthless Woman (French:Fille de rien) is a 1921 French silent film directed by André Hugon and starring Suzanne Talba, José Durany and Vasseur.
Encyclopedia of French Film Directors, Volume 1.
Scarecrow Press, 2009.
Waterproofing is the process of making an object or structure waterproof or water-resistant so that it remains relatively unaffected by water or resisting the ingress of water under specified conditions.
Such items may be used in wet environments or underwater to specified depths.
Water-resistant and waterproof often refer to penetration of water in its liquid state and possibly under pressure, whereas damp proof refers to resistance to humidity or dampness.
Permeation of water vapour through a material or structure is reported as a moisture vapor transmission rate (MVTR).
The hulls of boats and ships were once waterproofed by applying tar or pitch.
Modern items may be waterproofed by applying water-repellent coatings or by sealing seams with gaskets or o-rings.
Waterproofing is used in reference to building structures (such as basements, decks, or wet areas), watercraft, canvas, clothing (raincoats or waders), electronic devices and paper packaging (such as cartons for liquids).
The waterproofing of the building envelope in construction specifications is listed under 07 - Thermal and Moisture Protection within MasterFormat 2004, by the Construction Specifications Institute, and includes roofing and waterproofing materials.
In building construction, waterproofing is a fundamental aspect of creating a building envelope, which is a controlled environment.
The roof covering materials, siding, foundations, and all of the various penetrations through these surfaces must be water-resistant and sometimes waterproof.
Roofing materials are generally designed to be water-resistant and shed water from a sloping roof, but in some conditions, such as ice damming and on flat roofs, the roofing must be waterproof.
Many types of waterproof membrane systems are available, including felt paper or tar paper with asphalt or tar to make a built-up roof, other bituminous waterproofing, ethylene propylene diene monomer EPDM rubber, hypalon, polyvinyl chloride, liquid roofing, and more.
Walls are not subjected to standing water, and the water-resistant membranes used as housewraps are designed to be porous enough to let moisture escape.
Walls also have vapor barriers or air barriers.
Damp proofing is another aspect of waterproofing.
Masonry walls are built with a damp-proof course to prevent rising damp, and the concrete in foundations needs to be damp-proofed or waterproofed with a liquid coating, basement waterproofing membrane (even under the concrete slab floor where polyethylene sheeting is commonly used), or an additive to the concrete.
This causes hydrostatic pressure on both the membrane and structure and requires full encapsulation of the basement structure in a tanking membrane, under slab and walls.
Damp proofing: This is waterproofing used where the water table is lower than the structure and there is good free-draining fill.
The membrane deals with the shedding of water and the ingress of water vapor only, with no hydrostatic pressure.
Generally, this incorporates a damp proof membrane (DPM) to the walls with a polythene DPM under the slab.
With higher grade DPM, some protection from short-term Hydrostatic pressure can be gained by transitioning the higher quality wall DPM to the slab polythene under the footing, rather than at the footing face.
In buildings using earth sheltering, a potential problem is a too much humidity, so waterproofing is critical.
Water seepage can lead to mold growth, causing significant damage and air quality issues.
Properly waterproofing foundation walls is required to prevent deterioration and seepage.
Another specialized area of waterproofing is rooftop decks and balconies.
Waterproofing systems have become quite sophisticated and are a very specialized area.
Failed waterproof decks, polymer or tile, are one of the leading causes of water damage to building structures, and of personal injury when they fail.
Where major problems occur in the construction industry is when improper products are used for the wrong application.
While the term waterproof is used for many products, each of them has a very specific area of application, and when manufacturer specifications and installation procedures are not followed, the consequences can be severe.
Another factor is the impact of expansion and contraction on waterproofing systems for decks.
Decks constantly move with changes in temperatures, putting stress on the waterproofing systems.
One of the leading causes of waterproof deck system failures is the movement of underlying substrates (plywood) that cause too much stress on the membranes resulting in a failure of the system.
While beyond the scope of this reference document, waterproofing of decks and balconies is a complex of many complimentary elements.
These include the waterproofing membrane used, adequate slope-drainage, proper flashing details, and proper construction materials.
The penetrations through a building envelope must be built in a way such that water does not enter the building, such as using flashing and special fittings for pipes, vents, wires, etc.
Some caulkings are durable, but many are unreliable for waterproofing.
Also, many types of geomembranes are available to control water, gases, or pollution.
From the late 1990s to the 2010s, the construction industry has had technological advances in waterproofing materials, including integral waterproofing systems and more advanced membrane materials.
Integral systems such as hycrete work within the matrix of a concrete structure, giving the concrete itself a waterproof quality.
There are two main types of integral waterproofing systems: the hydrophilic and the hydrophobic systems.
A hydrophilic system typically uses a crystallization technology that replaces the water in the concrete with insoluble crystals.
Various brands available in the market claim similar properties, but not all can react with a wide range of cement hydration by-products and thus require caution.
Hydrophobic systems use concrete sealers or even fatty acids to block pores within the concrete, preventing water passage.
Sometimes the same materials used to keep water out of buildings are used to keep water in, such as a pool or pond liners.
New membrane materials seek to overcome shortcomings in older methods like polyvinyl chloride (PVC) and high-density polyethylene (HDPE).
Generally, new technology in waterproof membranes relies on polymer-based materials that are very adhesive to create a seamless barrier around the outside of a structure.
Waterproofing should not be confused with roofing, since roofing cannot necessarily withstand hydrostatic head while waterproofing can.
The standards for waterproofing bathrooms in domestic construction have improved over the years, due in large part to the general tightening of building codes.
For urban use raincoats and jackets are used; for outdoor activities in rough weather there is a range of hiking apparel.
Typical descriptions are "showerproof", "water resistant", and "waterproof".
These terms are not precisely defined.
A showerproof garment will usually be treated with a water-resisting coating, but is not rated to resist a specific hydrostatic head.
This is suitable for protection against light rain, but after a short time water will penetrate.
A water-resistant garment is similar, perhaps slightly more resistant to water but also not rated to resist a specific hydrostatic head.
A garment described as waterproof will have a water-repellent coating, with the seams also taped to prevent water ingress there.
Better waterproof garments have a membrane lining designed to keep water out but allow trapped moisture to escape ("breathability")—a totally waterproof garment would retain body sweat and become clammy.
Waterproof garments specify their hydrostatic rating, ranging from 1,500 for light rain, to 20,000 for heavy rain.
Waterproof garments are intended for use in weather conditions which are often windy as well as wet and are usually also wind resistant.
Electronic devices used in military and severe commercial environments are routinely conformally coated in accordance with IPC-CC-830 to resist moisture and corrosion but encapsulation is needed to become truly waterproof.
Even though it is possible to find waterproof wrapping or other types of protective cases for electronic devices, a new technology-enabled the release of diverse waterproof smartphones and tablets in 2013.
This method is based on a special nanotechnology coating a thousand times thinner than a human hair which protects electronic equipment from damage due to the penetration of water.
Several manufacturers use the nano coating method on their smartphones, tablets, and digital cameras.
A 2013 study found that nanotextured surfaces using cone forms produce highly water-repellent surfaces.
These nanocone textures are superhydrophobic (extremely water-hating).
Ayrancı station is a station in the Karaman Province of Turkey.
Located just north of Ayrancı,  north of the town center.
TCDD Taşımacılık operates a daily intercity train from Konya to Adana, which stops at the station.
Ayrancı station is  southeast of Konya station and  northwest of Adana station.
"The Wise Princess” is a British fairy tale about a princess who knows everything, except for true happiness.
It was written in the second half of the nineteenth century by Mary de Morgan.
The tale first appeared in “The Tale of Princess Fiorimonde and Other Stories” along with six other tales, published by Macmillan and Co. in 1886.
While growing up, the child was so inquisitive that she was deemed the “Wise Princess," although she was scolded by the ladies for wanting to know too much.
As the years went on, the Princess yearned to learn as much as she could; She went through many masters and mistresses, but it was never enough.
She wanted to know more.
One day, she ventured to a dark cave where she met a wise wizard who agreed to teach the princess everything he knew.
The wizard warned Fernanda that she would not find happiness from his teachings.
Nonetheless in three years time she had learned all the wizard could teach her.
The princess became so wise she could identify any animal and speak any language.
Soon she grew very weary and sick.
Her father sent for the doctor but Princess Fernanda stopped him, for she knew more than he.
One day, Fernanda wandered by the sea and came across a bird and a dog, both of whom appeared to be happy.
When the Princess asked them what made them happy, she was not satisfied with their answers, such as, “The sky is so blue, and the fields are so green” and “plenty to eat, and a soft cushion to rest upon”.
When the Princess arrived home, still distraught, she asked Doris, her favourite maid why she was so happy.
Even the maid couldn’t help Princess Fernanda.
Princess Fernanda continued on her walk and came upon a church where a wounded soldier smiled while laying in his coffin.
The Princess also saw Death in the church and asked him to teach her to smile like the young man.
Death also could not teach the Wise Princess happiness.
Further along the walk, by the seashore, the Wise Princess saw a child drowning.
She jumped in the water and saved the child, but the waves were too high to save herself.
Death came to see her and said “I will teach you all you want to know”.
After the princess died, The King's servants found her body by the shore with a smile on her face.
The people cried while the Wizard commended the princess for having achieved happiness, making her the most wise of them all.
In “The Wise Princess” Fowler denotes the female character as a variation from the more commonly known folklore princess.
De Morgan creates a “dynamic title character” embedded with self-important qualities.
He also notes that De Morgan “depicts men and women alike”, with qualities of fearlessness and intelligence combined with opposing qualities of irrationality.
From her childhood, when she was described as “downright and determined,” to her adulthood, when she became known as a “talented woman”, De Morgan represented a counterpoint to most Victorian stereotypes of femininity.
“Garrulous and competent,” she was immersed in the activities of friends and family, who were stout progressives.
As Marilyn Pemberton notes, De Morgan was capable of introducing “serious social and political issue[s] into fairyland”, and her tales display a tendency to critique “faulty or unsustainable economies”.
Pemberton and Fowler note that her tales critique unfair labour practices and the consumption of mass-produced goods.
BUMA/STEMRA are two private organizations in the Netherlands, the Buma Association (Dutch: Vereniging Buma) and the Stemra Foundation (Dutch: Stichting Stemra) that operate as one single company that acts as the Dutch collecting society for composers and music publishers.
In 1936, with the arrival of the gramophone record, the replication of music multiplied.
Realising its impact, the members of the Buma Association created the Stemra Foundation, which focuses on the replication of recorded works of music, ranging from LPs to CDs to Internet and mobile phones.
In 2001, Buma/Stemra sued Consumer Empowerment, then the owners of Kazaa in the Netherlands.
The court ordered Kazaa's owners to take steps to prevent its users from violating copyrights or else pay a heavy fine.
In October 2001 a lawsuit was filed against Consumer Empowerment by members of the music and motion picture industry in the USA.
In response Consumer Empowerment sold the Kazaa application to Sharman Networks, headquartered in Australia and incorporated in Vanuatu.
In late March 2002, a Dutch court of appeal reversed an earlier judgment and stated that Kazaa was not responsible for the actions of its users.
Buma/Stemra lost its appeal before the Supreme Court of the Netherlands in December 2003.
Brian Thomas Moynihan (born October 19, 1959) is an American businessman and the Chairman and CEO of Bank of America.
He joined the Board of Directors, following his promotion to President and CEO in 2010.
Moynihan graduated from Brown University in 1981, where he majored in history, co-captained the rugby team, and met his future wife, classmate Susan E. Berry.
He earned a Juris Doctor from the University of Notre Dame Law School, before returning to Providence, Rhode Island to join Edwards & Angell LLP, the city's largest corporate law firm.
He joined Fleet Boston bank in April 1993 as a deputy general counsel.
From 1999 to April 2004, he served as Executive Vice President, managing Fleet's brokerage and wealth management division.
After Bank of America (BoA) merged with FleetBoston Financial in 2004, he joined BoA as president of global wealth and investment management.
He was named CEO of Merrill Lynch after its sale to BoA in September 2008, and became the CEO of Bank of America after Ken Lewis stepped down in 2010.
On August 25, 2011, CNBC's Drew Sandholm  noted that "[d]espite having recently told investors Bank of America ... doesn't need to raise capital, CEO Brian Moynihan will accept $5 billion in capital from famed investor Warren Buffett.
The deal not only surprised the Fast Money traders on Thursday, it also caused them to question Moynihan's credibility."
On September 12, 2011, CNBC's John Carney noted that Moynihan had "once again laid out his company's plan to meet regulatory capital requirements and denied that the bank will have to issue new stock to raise capital ... [Moynihan] says that Warren Buffett's $5 billion counts as Tier 1 Capital.
But the markets have largely ignored the investment, most likely because it looks a lot more like debt than capital."
On October 26, 2011, Huffington Post blogger Jillian Berman noted that BoA "has also been hammered in the stock and bonds markets" and "was the worst performer in the Dow Jones Industrial Average for two-quarters straight ... while Moody's downgraded the bank last month."
She added while Jamie Dimon, JPMorgan Chase's CEO, received a $19 million raise in 2010, Moynihan's salary stayed level at $950,000.
On December 27, 2011, Julia LaRoche wrote in Business Insider that Moynihan "admitted the proposed $5 monthly fee for debit card users wasn't the best idea".
She quoted him as saying: "We struck a chord with customers that no one anticipated.
We learned our lesson and stopped it."
There were  complaints from shareholders regarding the bank's mortgage servicing operations, decreased share prices, and other issues.
Protesters converged outside the building, which they were barred from entering by police and metal barricades.
In response to the criticisms of the bank's mortgage servicing operations, Moynihan tried to reassure the audience, saying "you can call us and we will figure it out".
In 2012, Moynihan, alongside several other CEO's, faced heavy criticism from Senator Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) in a report titled "Top Corporate Tax Dodgers".
According to the report, Moynihan's Bank of America paid no federal income tax in 2010 and received a $1.9 billion tax refund despite making $4.4 billion in profits.
The report also includes criticisms of Bank of America's use of tax havens.
The Black Feathers are a husband and wife roots music duo based in Gloucestershire, UK who play a blend of Folk and Americana.
Their debut EP (Strangers We Meet, 2014) was listed in The Telegraph as one of the best Folk albums of 2014.
Their sound has been likened to that of The Civil Wars, and Gillian Welch and Dave Rawlings.
They are sponsored by Cole Clark guitars, Shubb Capos, and Blackstar Amplification.
Ray is classically trained and studied at the Royal Irish Academy of Music in Dublin.
Sian began training as an actress before dropping out to focus on music.
They met in 2004 and played in a five piece Folk rock band called ‘Just To Annoy Ray’.
When the band folded in 2008 they began playing together as a duo playing covers.
In 2012 they started writing their own songs and formed as The Black Feathers.
The resulting Strangers We Meet EP was released on their own label, ‘Bird In The Hand Records’, in February, 2014.
It received favourable reviews in national publications such as FRoots, The Telegraph, Acoustic Magazine and R2 (Rock'n'Reel).
Songs from the EP have been played numerous times on regional BBC Radio, as well as BBC Radio Scotland, BBC Radio 2, and BBC Radio 2 Country.
In addition it was listed in Johnny Coppin’s ‘best acoustic albums in 2014’ on BBC Radio Gloucestershire, Martin Chilton’s "The best folk albums of 2014" in The Telegraph and as the Sunday Mercury’s Number 1 Folk and Roots album of 2014.
Their music video for their single 'Strangers We Meet' was premiered on American television network Zuus Country.
It was produced by Villain Place, the same team that created the award winning Florida Georgia Line official lyric videos.
They hit their target within 4 days, and completed the project raising 229% over the original target.
Three singles were released from the album.
‘Down By The River’ and ‘All For You’ received regional and online radio play including BBC Radio Gloucestershire and Amazing Radio.
‘Winter Moves In’ was released in aid of Marie Curie (charity) with 100% of the proceeds going to the charity.
The single received regional radio play as well as being played by Tom Robinson on BBC Radio 6.
The official music video for ‘Winter Moves In’ won an award at Portsmouth Film Festival for ‘Achievement In Art’ in September 2016.
Soaked to the Bone was officially released in February 2016 on Blue House Music and made the top 40 in the Official Charts Company Americana Chart.
It received some five star reviews in the music press both online and offline such as Rolling stone Germany and Music News.
The Album also won ‘Debut Album Of The Year’ in the 2016 Fatea Awards.
The album includes a version of Make You Feel My Love written by Bob Dylan.
Songs from the album have had extensive BBC regional radio play including BBC Wales, BBC Scotland and Scottish Gaelic station BBC Nan Gaidheal.
National radio play included BBC Radio 2 on The Bob Harris show, played by Paul Sexton and by Bob Harris himself.
‘Soaked to the Bone’ also made BBC Radio Ulster’s album of the week  and was played on and added to the RTE Radio 1 playlist.
They went on to win ‘Best Duo’ at the G.S.M.C Awards 2016.
They have also shared a stage with artists such as Heather Peace, Ward Thomas, Ben Ottewell (Gomez), Luke Concannon (Nizlopi), Jim Moray, Paper Aeroplanes, Kim Richey, and Gareth Dunlop.
The band have toured nationally including venues such as Cambridge Folk Festival, St Pancras Old Church in London, and Colston Hall in Bristol, and all over Europe.
Dali Qiz (, also Romanized as Dalī Qez; also known as Dalīqez) is a village in Garmeh-ye Shomali Rural District, Kandovan District, Meyaneh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.
At the 2006 census, its population was 286, in 60 families.
Bessuéjouls  is a commune in the Aveyron department in southern France.
The Hundred of Stirling is a Hundred of the County of Buckingham (South Australia), centered on Keith, South Australia, South east of Adelaide, South Australia.
It is in the Tatiara District Council Area.
Valentinus Otho or Valentin Otto (born around 1545-46 possibly in Magdeburg – April 8, 1603 in Heidelberg) was a German mathematician and astronomer.
In 1575 he supported Georg Joachim Rheticus in his trigonometric tables.
The next year they went to Kaschau in Hungary where Rheticus died.
Thus, Otho inherited the De revolutionibus manuscript of Nicolaus Copernicus that Rheticus had published in 1543 in Nuremberg.
Otho became Professor for mathematics in Wittenberg, but when the rulers of Saxony did not support the tables, he moved to Heidelberg where Elector Friedrich IV sponsored the '’Opus Palatinum de Triangulis’’ in 1596.
Matão is a municipality in the state of São Paulo in Brazil.
As of 2014, the town had an estimated population of 80,990 and a population density of 146.3 persons per km².
The total area the city is .
Matão sits at an elevation of .
The municipality consists of two districts: Matão and São Lourenço do Turvo.
The settlers constructed a small chapel in 1894, and in 1895 called their settlement Senhor do Bom Jesus das Palmeiras.
The settlement was renamed Matão in 1897 and became a  district of Araraquara.
It became an independent municipality on August 27, 1898.
The region attracted more small-scale farmers in the 1890s, and development was furthered by the construction of a railroad line, the Estrada de Ferro Araraquara, which was built to connect Rio Claro, in São Paulo State, to Cuiabá, the capital city of Mato Grosso.
The rail line reached Matão by 1899.
The municipality comprised three districts, Matão, Dobrada and São Lourenço do Turvo, until 1964 when Dobrada became a separate municipality.
On this day streets of the city are decorated with temporary "rugs" made of crushed colored glass, coffee powder, and other materials in preparation for a religious procession.
These rugs feature religious and municipal scenes and colorful floral and geometric designs.
Titans of Mavericks was a big wave surfing action sports event that took place south of San Francisco, at the surfing site of Mavericks, California.
Athletes competed annually in conditions that can reach up 60 feet in wave height.
The contest was initiated in 1999 and last held in 2016.
The 2017 contest was cancelled after the organizing company filed for bankruptcy and a deal was made with World Surf League to take over the event.
In 2019, the World Surf League ended the event indefinitely, citing "various logistical challenges" and "the inability to run the event the last two seasons."
The organizers invite 24 big wave surfers annually to compete in the one-day event, but it is only held if wave conditions are favorable during the competition season.
Darryl Virostko ("Flea") won the initial contest in 1999, while Richard Schmidt, Ross Clarke-Jones and Peter Mel took second, third and fourth places, respectively.
The following year put Virostko, Kelly Slater, Tony Ray, Peter Mel, Zach Wormhoudt, and Matt Ambrose in first through sixth places.
In 2004, Virostko, Ambrose, Evan Slater, Anthony Tashnick, Mel and Grant Washburn placed in spots first through sixth.
Tashnick came first in 2005.
In 2006, Grant Baker, from South Africa, won first place, with Tyler Smith and Brock Little in second and third.
The 2007 contest was called off because unusually mild weather resulted in no days with suitable waves by the end of March, the usual cutoff time for holding the competition.
In 2008, Greg Long was crowned Mavericks Champion, Baker won second and Jamie Sterling won third place, followed by Smith in fourth, Washburn in fifth and Evan Slater in sixth.
The contest was canceled again in 2009.
In 2010 South Africa's Chris Bertish took first place; winning a surfing prize purse of US$150 000, sponsored by Moose Guen, Jane Sunderland and Barracuda Networks.
In the fall of 2010 a group of surfers, community leaders and contest organizers formed the Half Moon Bay Surf Group, Inc., with the aim of controlling the contest.
In October, the San Mateo Harbor Commission granted them the permit and official planning of the inaugural “The Jay at Maverick’s Big Wave Invitational" (as it was then called) began.
Invited competitors included 11-time ASP World Champion Kelly Slater and 23 others.
However, the contest was not held due to lack of waves in 2011 and 2012.
The 2013 contest was won by Peter Mel and the 2014 one was won by Grant Baker.
The contest was rebranded "Titans of Mavericks", with governance by five Mavericks riders known as the "Committee 5" .
The last Mavericks Surf contest was held on February 12, 2016.
AT&T Park in San Francisco hosted live broadcasts of the event on its giant (110 foot wide) video display.
In October 2006, the Monterey Bay National Marine Sanctuary proposed banning personal watercraft from Mavericks, which led to disputes within the sport.
Southglenn is a former census-designated place (CDP) in Arapahoe County, Colorado, United States.
The population was 43,520 at the 2000 census.
It was built as a master planned community by Jordon Perlmutter.
It has been a part of the city of Centennial since the city's incorporation in 2001.
According to the United States Census Bureau, the CDP had a total area of , all land.
The population density was 4,467.4 per square mile (1,725.2/km²).
There were 16,694 housing units at an average density of 1,713.7 per square mile (661.8/km²).
The racial makeup of the CDP was 94.60% White, 0.79% African American, 0.40% Native American, 1.83% Asian, 0.06% Pacific Islander, 0.86% from other races, and 1.45% from two or more races.
Hispanic or Latino of any race were 4.04% of the population.
There were 16,436 households out of which 35.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.6% were married couples living together, 8.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 24.8% were non-families.
20.1% of all households were made up of individuals and 6.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.
The average household size was 2.62 and the average family size was 3.03.
In the CDP, the population was spread out with 26.1% under the age of 18, 5.6% from 18 to 24, 26.7% from 25 to 44, 29.4% from 45 to 64, and 12.2% who were 65 years of age or older.
The median age was 41 years.
For every 100 females, there were 93.4 males.
For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.1 males.
The median income for a household in the CDP was $69,833, and the median income for a family was $77,405.
Males had a median income of $53,282 versus $35,754 for females.
The per capita income for the CDP was $32,699.
About 1.4% of families and 2.6% of the population were below the poverty line, including 2.7% of those under age 18 and 2.8% of those age 65 or over.
Gerhard Brandt Naeseth  (April 14, 1913 – June 10, 1994) was an American librarian and genealogist who specialized in the field of Norwegian-American immigration.
As a young boy, he sought to follow in his father's footsteps, but an uncle recognized early on that Naeseth had more of the traits of a librarian.
The uncle turned out to be right and Naeseth eventually received degrees in history and library science.
Naeseth received a bachelor's degree from Luther College in Decorah, Iowa  and graduate degrees from the University of Michigan.
He worked as a professional librarian for three universities before retiring from the University of Wisconsin–Madison in 1978, where he had been associate director.
Naeseth is most well known for his magnum opus, Norwegian Immigrants to the United States: A Biographical Directory.
For this work, Naeseth was awarded the Knight’s Cross, First Class, Royal Norwegian Order of St. Olav in 1978.
The Norwegian-American Genealogical Center & Naeseth Library in Madison, Wisconsin is named in his honor.
Naeseth was also the director and chief researcher of the Vesterheim Genealogical Center from 1974 to 1994.
Naeseth served as associate director of the libraries of the University of Wisconsin–Madison from 1948 to 1978.
He was also chairman of the Church Council of the American Lutheran Church.
Naeseth died during 1994 in Madison, Wisconsin.
He was buried at the Spring Prairie Lutheran Cemetery in Keyeser, Wisconsin.
After his death the research chair at Vesterheim Genealogical Center was named in his honor.
He self-published this work in 1956.
Thirty years later he reworked and expanded it into two volumes and printed 150 copies.
This work had gotten him interested in the 150 people who came to America on the same ship as his family.
Eventually his project expanded to include the 18,000 Norwegian immigrants who came to America prior to the 1850 census.
Naeseth completed the first of this five volume history of Norwegian immigrants to the United States in 1993.
Subsequent volumes have been completed by Blaine Hedberg, Executive Director of the Norwegian-American Genealogical Center & Naeseth Library.
Naeseth founded the Vesterheim Genealogical Center in 1974, working out of a temporary office at the University of Wisconsin library in Madison and slowly acquiring a vast collection of resources.
By charging for genealogical research and selling annual memberships, Naeseth built the center into the hub of Norwegian genealogical research in America.
By the early 1990s the center had its own building and a staff of professional researchers.
Naeseth never accepted a salary while he built the center, living instead off his retirement income.
Salt Lake City: Genealogical Society of Utah, 1969.
Norwegian Immigrants to the United States: A Biographical Directory.
Vol.
1: 1825-1843.
Decorah, Iowa: Anundsen Publishing Company, 1993.
Vol.
2: 1844-1846.
Decorah, Iowa: Anundsen Publishing Company, 1997.
Vol.
3: 1847-1848.
Decorah, Iowa: Anundsen Publishing Company, 2000.
Vol.
4: 1849.
Decorah, Iowa: Anundsen Publishing Company, 2004.
Vol.
5: 1850''.
Decorah, Iowa: Anundsen Publishing Company, 2006.
Sonepur also known as Sonpur State, was one of the princely states of India during the period of the British Raj.
Its ruler was entitled to a nine gun salute.
Formerly it was placed under the Central India Agency, but in 1905 it was transferred to the Eastern States Agency.
Its capital was Sonepur, the only significant town in the area.
The former state's territory is in the present-day Subarnapur district, Odisha.
The state became a British protectorate on 13 Dec 1826.
The ruling family was awarded with the title Raja Bahadur for services rendered to the British during the Sambalpur uprising.
The last ruler of this princely state signed the accession to the Indian Union on 1 January 1948.
The last two had the title of 'Maharaja'.
Call Me By My Rightful Name is an American play by Michael Shurtleff which is based on the novel "The Whipping Boy" by S.F.
Pfoutz.
The production was directed by Milton Katselas and designed by Charles Evans.
It starred Robert Duvall as Doug, Joan Hackett as Chris, Alvin Ailey as Paul, Robert Hogan as Elliot, and Milo Boulton and Dortha Duckworth as Mr. and Mrs. Watkins.
Hackett won a Theatre World Award, an Obie Award, and a Drama Desk Award for her performance.
The plays were banned for being "quite sexy."
It starred Don Murray (who also worked on the screenplay with Shurtleff), Otis Young, Cathy Lee Crosby, Kent Smith, Edith Atwater, and Gary Clarke.
Murray supposedly wanted Sidney Poitier to play opposite him in the film originally.
The film is extremely rare, but has been shown at a few events in the 2010s by Murray himself.
Mt.
Washington Pediatric Hospital is a 102-bed non-profit children's hospital set in the scenic neighborhood of Mt.
Washington in Baltimore that provides long-term care for children with complex health problems.
MWPH is jointly owned by Johns Hopkins Medical System and University of Maryland Medical System.
Funded by patient revenue and private charitable donations, Mt.
Washington Pediatric Hospital is a comprehensive sub-acute care facility for children from birth to young adult; MWPH provides transitional and support care for a variety of conditions,  including premature birth, serious and chronic illness, traumatic injury, ADHD, autism spectrum disorder, cerebral palsy, childhood obesity, diabetes, feeding problems, among others.
Mt.
Washington Pediatric Hospital also has a unit at Prince George's Hospital Center in Cheverly, Maryland.
MWPH accreditations include Commission on Accreditation of Rehabilitation Facilities and The Joint Commission.
On July 10, 1922, Happy Hills welcomed its first patient.
During The Great Depression, Happy Hills appealed for state aid.
The depressed economy left a large amount of real estate available, so trustees purchased The Whitelock Estate on West Rogers Avenue in Mt.
Washington where the hospital sits today.
On October 22, 1930, Happy Hills Home for Convalescent Children was dedicated.
Dr. Wilfred H. Smith, Director of Johns Hopkins Hospital, wrote to trustees: “Happy Hills has met a real need in Baltimore.
I congratulate you on your success and upon the increase in your facilities.
Happy Hills celebrated its 20th anniversary in 1942.
In that year, more than 2,700 children received care.
The original founder, Hortense Kahn Eliasberg was honored in a presentation by Union Trust Company for her efforts and contribution to the health of the children of Baltimore.
Richard F. Cleveland, the eldest son of the late U.S. President Grover Cleveland and last original founding member becomes Board President in 1952.
With the prevalence of polio, Mt.
Washington cared for many patients admitted with the devastating disease.
Happy Hills answered the patients’ needs with specialty areas of medicine, therapy, nutrition, education, and recreation.
Improved technology meant the addition of electrocardiograms, x-rays and laboratories.
Happy Hills celebrated its 40th anniversary in 1964, having provided care for over 6,000 children.
The Baltimore Sun noted “its likeness to a special pediatric hospital rather than a convalescent home.” In 1964 Happy Hills also began the journey to its name today.
Starting with the changing of the name to Happy Hills Hospital in 1964, then in 1975 to Mt.
Washington Pediatric Hospital.
Mt.
Washington Pediatric Hospital gained certification from The Joint Commission in 1979.
Shortly after Joint Commission certification, the hospital received accreditation from Commission on Accreditation of Rehabilitation Facilities(CARF).
Mt.
Washington Pediatric Hospital became the first children’s hospital in Maryland accredited for comprehensive inpatient rehab, infant and early childhood development and respite care.
On September 26, 1986, groundbreaking began for the new, expanded hospital.
A few years later on September 15, 1989, Mayor Kurt Schmoke declared it “Mt.
Washington Pediatric Hospital Day” in Baltimore.
The Outpatient Care Center opened in November 1990, providing a variety of outpatient services including orthopedic, adaptive equipment, and Down Syndrome clinics.
In 1996, the hospital opened its sleep clinic which continues today, assisting with the diagnoses of a variety of pediatric issues.
In 1997, a new unit opened at Prince George’s Hospital Center.
In 2000, the new outpatient center opened and was called the Jack & Mae Rosenberg Center for Pediatric Respiratory Medicine.
Outpatient and Day Feeding Programs began to assist with feeding disorders in 2001.
In 2005, the innovative Weigh Smart® program was added as a multi-disciplinary and holistic approach to pediatric weight management.
It was followed in (2009) by Weigh Smart Jr. ® designed for weight management of toddlers and preschool-aged children and also involving medical, nutritional, educational and behavioral components.
In 2006, MWPH entered into a unique joint ownership with University of Maryland Medical System and Johns Hopkins Medicine.
The Center for Pediatric & Adolescent Rehabilitation (CPAR) renovations were completed.
It included a colorful Baltimore street theme, flat screen TVs, mobile computers, a new play area and transitional apartment for families.
In addition to the CPAR renovations, a modern and larger rehab pool was installed in the Rehabilitation wing.
In 2010, the Concussion Clinic opened, along with the Balance Clinic, including the new state-of-the-art NeuroCom® equipment.
In addition, the Community Advocacy program began with the goal of reaching out to more residents of the Baltimore community to increase awareness of current health issues important to families.
In 2011, MWPH was recognized as one of 217 hospitals in the United States receiving Stage 6 HIMMS designation for its use of electronic medical records.
Hemidactylus principensis is a species of geckos in the family Gekkonidae.
The species is endemic to the island of Príncipe, São Tomé and Príncipe.
The species was named by Elizabeth C. Miller, Anna B. Sellas and Robert C. Drewes in 2012, when it was split from Hemidactylus greeffii, native to nearby larger island of São Tomé.
It was observed on a beach below São Joaquim.
Trees was a British folk rock band recording and touring throughout 1969, 1970 and 1971, reforming briefly to continue performing throughout 1972.
Although the group met with little commercial success in their time, the reputation of the band has grown over the years, and underwent a renaissance in 2007 following Gnarls Barkley's sampling of the track Geordie (from Trees’ second album On The Shore) on the title track of their multi-million selling album St.
Elsewhere.
David Costa, son of British singer and radio presenter Sam Costa, had been reading Fine Arts at the recently opened University of East Anglia, meeting Barry Clarke (who'd been working at Royd's advertising agency in London) through a mutual girlfriend who'd suggested, as they were both guitar players, that they should connect.
In David's words, following their first meeting, "I never went back to University, and Barry never went back to his office."
Barry Clarke was living at the time in a house in Barnes shared with Bias Boshell.
Bias Boshell and Unwin Brown had both attended Bedales School in Petersfield, Hampshire, and within a short time all four were sharing their diverse musical experiences, exploring their different tastes and bringing together what they each enjoyed in common with each other.
Lacking a singer, Costa suggested they audition the sister of an acquaintance of his and introduced Celia Humphris into the mix, who had just left Arts Educational where she had studied dance, drama and singing.
Humphris father was the painter and illustrator Frank Humphris (e.g.
for the Riders of the Range strip in the boys' comic The Eagle).
The five of them began rehearsing in the early spring of 1969, starting to do their first gigs and early demo tracks throughout June and July of the same year.
On The Shore featured cover artwork by Storm Thorgesen of the Hipgnosis studio.
Like other folk contemporaries, Trees was compared with Fairport Convention, but regarded as delivering with a more psychedelic edge.
The group's material was divided between adaptations of traditional songs and original compositions, primarily by Bias Boshell.
The original group disbanded in 1971 after recording the two albums.
A second Trees incarnation formed in 1972 and played until 1973; this group featured Celia Humphris, Barry Clarke, Barry Lyons (ex-member of Mr Fox), Alun Eden (also ex-member of Mr Fox) and Chuck Fleming (ex-member of the JSD Band).
Recordings by this line-up can be found on bootleg releases.
Throughout their touring career they supported acts including Fotheringay, Fairport Convention, Matthew's Southern Comfort, Fleetwood Mac, Free, Genesis, Family and Yes, and appeared at the Evolution Music Festival in Le Bourget, Paris in 1970 alongside Ginger Baker's Air Force, Pink Floyd and Procol Harum.
A very early gig in London's Notting Hill had them appearing with a virtually unknown David Bowie.
The band were often accompanied on the road and supported by singer-songwriter Marc Ellington.
They were originally managed by Douglas Smith and Clearwater Productions, a Notting Hill Gate company who also managed contemporaries such as High Tide, Cochise and Skin Alley and went on to manage Hawkwind and Thunderclap Newman.
Trees achieved ongoing support from early in their performing and recording career by radio DJs John Peel and Bob Harris, for whom they were later to appear twice in his Sounds of the Seventies TV series, and also Pete Drummond, who was later to marry singer Celia Humphris.
He now lives in North Wales.
Barry Clarke went on to join the Vigrass and Osborne band, subsequently to rejoin David Costa in the 1973 band and eponymous album Casablanca (Rocket Records).
David Costa went on to become art director and designer for many notable artists such as Elton John, George Harrison, Eric Clapton, the Rolling Stones and the Beatles.
Barry Clarke continued into the jewellery business, now living part-time in France.
After a brief spell as drummer with the pop foursome Capricorn, Unwin Brown went on to enjoy a long career as a teacher, eventually at Thomas's School in Kensington until his death in 2008.
Celia Humphris continued with Trees' second lineup, and subsequently went on to become a sought-after voice-over artist and  provided guest vocals for several songs on Judy Dyble's Talking With Strangers album in 2009, Dodson and Fogg, a folk-rock project released in 2012, and as guest vocalist on Galley Beggar's 2017 album Heathen Hymns, released on Rise Above Records.
She now lives in France.
A deluxe two-disc edition of On the Shore was released in 2007, containing previously unreleased and remixed material.
A new edition of The Garden of Jane Delawney followed in 2008, also containing previously unreleased material as well as some new recordings.
Both double packages featured an extensive essay by comedian, director and writer Stewart Lee.
In 2006, the Trees' version of Geordie was sampled on the title track of Gnarls Barkley's first album, St.
Elsewhere.
French goth group Dark Sanctuary covered The Garden of Jane Delawne on the 2006 album Exaudi Vocem Meam.
Heather Jones's Welsh-language take on The Garden of Jane Delawney, Cân I Janis, appeared on the compilation Welsh Rare Beat 2 (Finders Keepers Records, 2007).
The Dutch folkduo Ygdrassil recorded The Garden of Jane Delawney for their 2005 album Easy Sunrise.
Flying Saucer Attack covered Sally Free and Easy on their 1996 Sally Free and Easy EP.
Queen Adreena covered Pretty Polly on their 2000 album Taxidermy.
Danish artist Lasse Hoile's music video for Steven Wilson's 2009 song Harmony Korine features a short clip akin to the cover photograph by Storm Thorgerson.
--Stewart Lee, sleeve notes for Sony BMG 2007 re-releases.
"This is a timely reissue.
Freak-folkers will value this fusion of the modern and the ancient, and heads will enjoy the acidic guitar... On The Shore is a vivid reminder of a period when the spirit flew free – so much so that it remains an inspiration decades later."
--Jon Savage, Mojo, April 2007.
"At Queen Elizabeth Hall third on the bill, and relatively unknown, were a group called Trees.
They didn’t stay unknown for long.
The capacity audience were won over by the group’s fine performance, and critics were full of praise."
--Beat Instrumental, August 1970.
"The current crop of folkies owe a huge debt to Trees and their twisted take on traditional forms.
There could be no better Year Zero from which to perpetuate this most vital of UK musical threads.
Blooming marvellous from root to tip."
--Jan Zarebski, Record Collector, April 2007.
"It’s good to know that some rare and collectable British rock albums are rare and collectable for all the right reasons – i.e.
they’re bloody marvellous."
--Copy of On The Shore auctioned on Popsike.com, 30 June 2004, £375.
"Readers of the Terrascope, eclectic to a man/girl, will no doubt be aware of the esteem and mystique surrounding the band Trees.
Amongst folk-rock enthusiasts, the 2 albums on CBS (1970) are hailed as pinnacles of the genre."
--Ptolemaic Terrascope, Issue 7, 1993.
"To list all the favourable ravings that have been inspired by Trees would fill the whole paper.
John Peel, after playing one of their numbers on the radio, said that he wished he could devote a whole programme to them..." --Dai Davies, Music Now, 1970.
"On The Shore was released in 1970, the follow-up to the previous year’s The Garden of Jane Delawney.
While no one can deny that their debut is a thing of beauty and wonder, the leap made by this middle-England folk rock quintet by the time they unleashed their second album is astonishing."
--Shindig, July 2007.
"The importance of Trees is that, in addition to their undoubted musical excellence, their inspiration goes back independently to the folk and rock scenes of a few years ago, indicating that the long-awaited, long needed reconciliation between the folk and pop movements is actually beginning to happen."
--Karl Dallas, Melody Maker, June 1970.
'On The Shore' ranked #3 of Five Folk-rock Classics (after Fairport Convention's 'Liege and Lief' and before Led Zeppelin III) --The Independent, September, 2007.
The Sunday Times, Must-have reissue, September 2007.
In geometry, a unital is a set of n3 + 1 points arranged into subsets of size n + 1 so that every pair of distinct points of the set are contained in exactly one subset.
n ≥ 3 is required by some authors to avoid small exceptional cases.
This is equivalent to saying that a unital is a 2-(n3 + 1, n + 1, 1) block design.
Some unitals may be embedded in a projective plane of order n2 (the subsets of the design become sets of collinear points in the projective plane).
In this case of embedded unitals, every line of the plane intersects the unital in either 1 or n + 1 points.
In the Desarguesian planes, PG(2,q2), the classical examples of unitals are given by nondegenerate Hermitian curves.
There are also many non-classical examples.
The first and the only known unital with non prime power parameters, n=6, was constructed by Bhaskar Bagchi and Sunanda Bagchi.
It is still unknown if this unital can be embedded in a projective plane of order 36, if such a plane exists.
A correlation of a projective geometry is a bijection on its subspaces that reverses containment.
In particular, a correlation interchanges points and hyperplanes.
A correlation of order two is called a polarity.
A point is called an absolute point of a polarity if it lies on the image of itself under the polarity.
The absolute points of a unitary polarity of the projective geometry PG(d,F), for some d ≥ 2, is a nondegenerate Hermitian variety, and if d = 2 this variety is called a nondegenerate Hermitian curve.
In PG(2,q2) for some prime power q, the set of points of a nondegenerate Hermitian curve form a unital, which is called a classical unital.
Let  be a nondegenerate Hermitian curve in  for some prime power .
Let Γ = R(q) be the Ree group of type 2G2 of order (q3 + 1)q3(q − 1) where q = 32m+1.
Let P be the set of all q3 + 1 Sylow 3-subgroups of Γ. Γ acts doubly transitively on this set by conjugation (it will be convenient to think of these subgroups as points that Γ is acting on.)
For any S and T in P, the pointwise stabilizer, ΓS,T is cyclic of order q - 1, and thus contains a unique involution, μ.
Each such involution fixes exactly q + 1 points of P. Construct a block design on the points of P whose blocks are the fixed point sets of these various involutions μ.
Since Γ acts doubly transitively on P, this will be a 2-design with parameters 2-(q3 + 1, q + 1, 1) called a Ree unital.
Lüneburg also showed that the Ree unitals can not be embedded in projective planes of order q2 (Desarguesian or not) such that the automorphism group Γ is induced by a collineation group of the plane.
For q = 3, Grüning proved that a Ree unital can not be embedded in any projective plane of order 9.
This concept does not take into account the property of embeddability, so to do so we say that two unitals, embedded in the same ambient plane, are equivalent if there is a collineation of the plane which maps one unital to the other.
An exhaustive computer search by Penttila and Royle found 18 unitals (up to equivalence) with n = 3 in these four planes.
Two in PG(2,9), four in the Hall plane, and so another four in the dual Hall plane, and eight in the Hughes plane.
However, one of the unitals in the Hall plane is self-dual, and so, gets counted again in the dual Hall plane.
Thus, there are 17 distinct embeddable unitals with n = 3.
On the other hand, a nonexhaustive computer search found over 900 mutually nonisomorphic designs which are unitals with n = 3.
Brunswick is a town in Columbus County, North Carolina, United States.
The population was 1,119 at the 2010 census.
According to the United States Census Bureau, the town has a total area of , all of it land.
The population density was 866.9 people per square mile (330.9/km²).
There were 165 housing units at an average density of 397.3 per square mile (151.7/km²).
The racial makeup of the town was 41.94% White, 55.00% African American, 2.78% Native American, and 0.28% from two or more races.
Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.83% of the population.
There were 144 households out of which 27.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.3% were married couples living together, 26.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.2% were non-families.
25.7% of all households were made up of individuals and 9.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.
The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 3.02.
In the town, the population was spread out with 23.6% under the age of 18, 10.8% from 18 to 24, 21.9% from 25 to 44, 23.9% from 45 to 64, and 19.7% who were 65 years of age or older.
The median age was 40 years.
For every 100 females, there were 73.1 males.
For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 73.0 males.
The median income for a household in the town was $15,795, and the median income for a family was $16,786.
Males had a median income of $22,361 versus $20,625 for females.
The per capita income for the town was $10,288.
About 37.0% of families and 42.3% of the population were below the poverty line, including 72.4% of those under age 18 and 31.1% of those age 65 or over.
United States Team Handball Federation was the governing body for handball in the United States from 1959 until 2006.
The successor USA Team Handball is funded in part by the U.S. Olympic & Paralympic Committee in 2008.
United States Team Handball Federation organized the participation of U.S. national teams in international competitions, such as the Summer Olympics and the Pan American Games.
Rima (Arabic: ريمه) is a Syrian village in the Qatana District of the Rif Dimashq Governorate.
According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics (CBS), Rima had a population of 1,132 in the 2004 census.
Its inhabitants are predominantly Druze.
American Marriage Ministries is a non-denominational Internet church based in Seattle.
The church was founded by Glen Yoshioka in 2009 and ordains and trains people to officiate at weddings.
The church is a secular non-denominational organization that does not promote any specific religious ideologies, instead allowing its ministers to define their own practice and faith.
This allows ceremonies to be tailored to the beliefs of the couple.
The church ordained Canadian singer Carly Rae Jepsen in 2017.
The church had operated entirely online until June 2019, when its ministers began performing in-person ordinations in response to Tennessee passing a law disallowing ministers ordained online from solemnizing weddings in the state.
According to Executive Director Lewis King, by June 2017 the church has ordained more than 630,000 people in the United States, including about 13,400 active ministers in Tennessee.
The church performed mass ordinations in a number of cities in Tennessee, with the majority of attendees being those who had already been ordained online but need to update their status to comply with the new law.
AMM's Legal Requirements library is a database where ministers can look up state or county requirements.
The organization also provides city-specific instructions on how to get ordained and perform marriage.
For example, New York City is one of the stricter locations and requires wedding officiants to appear in person at the city clerk’s office to register (the city also charges a $15 fee.)
Virginia is the most troublesome state, denying most ministers who get ordained online, but A.M.M.
has information on combating that on its website as well.
AMM has made donations of $500 or more to over 100 Non-Profit Charities across the country.
Regarding marriage equality and freedom of religion, AMM is active in New York, Virginia, North Carolina, and Tennessee.
In 2018, American Marriage Ministries and the International Association of Professional Wedding Officiants (IAPWO)  agreed to work together to educate first-time wedding officiants on how to perform wedding ceremonies, and to raise public awareness about the important role that professional wedding officiants play in the special events industry.
American Marriage Ministries also partners with Carbon Fund to offset its carbon footprint and promote sustainable practices, especially in the wedding industry.
American Marriage Ministries is not affiliated in any way with any other online churches such as the Universal Life Church (ULC) or any brick-and-mortar churches elsewhere in the country.
Chelepteryx chalepteryx, the white stemmed wattle moth or white-stemmed acacia moth, is a moth of the family Anthelidae.
The species was first described by Rudolf Felder in 1874.
It is found in Australia.
The wingspan of reaches up to 10 cm.
Males have a more intense colouration.
The caterpillars of this species feed mainly on wattles and gymea lily.
The Atlas of Living Australia.
Gaeta Calcio 1931 is an Italian association football club located in Gaeta, Lazio.
It currently plays in Eccellenza.
In the season 2011–12 it was relegated to Eccellenza.
Nobska Hill is a mountain in Barnstable County, Massachusetts.
It is located on  southeast of Woods Hole in the Town of Falmouth.
Swifts Hill is located north-northeast of Nobska Hill.
Şıxlar (also, Shykhlyar and Shikhlyar) is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan.
It has a population of 508.
Bernard Schuiteman (, born October 3, 1973) is a Dutch former football defender.
Born in Garderen, Gelderland, he began his professional career in the 1993–94 season with Bayer 04 Leverkusen.
He later played with Feyenoord Rotterdam, FC Utrecht, Grazer AK, 1.
FSV Mainz 05, SpVgg Unterhaching, Apollon Limassol and Cambuur Leeuwarden.
ACUI (Association of College Unions International) is one of the oldest associations in higher education, and dates to 1914.
This association is the largest organization that represents student activity centers and student unions in the United States.
the organization has 522 member institutions in ten countries.
These include nine-ball pool, table tennis, clay target shooting, air hockey, poetry slam, and formerly college bowl-style trivia competition.
The annual summer event's champions are listed in the BCA's Billiards: The Official Rules and Records Book.
A cocktail is a mixed drink containing alcohol.
The Barrows Bearhawk, now also called the Barrows 4-Place Bearhawk, is an American amateur-built aircraft, designed by Bob Barrows and produced by R&B Aircraft of Fincastle, Virginia, AviPro Aircraft and now Bearhawk Aircraft of Austin, Texas.
The aircraft is supplied as a kit or as plans for amateur construction.
It features a strut-braced high-wing, a four-seat enclosed cabin that is  wide and accessed by doors, fixed conventional landing gear and a single engine in tractor configuration.
The aircraft fuselage is made from welded steel tubing covered in doped aircraft fabric, while the wings are made from aluminum sheet.
Its  span wing employs a NACA 4412 mod airfoil, has an area of  and mounts flaps.
The aircraft's recommended engine power range is  and standard engines used include the  Lycoming O-360 and   Lycoming O-540 four-stroke powerplants.
Construction time from the supplied kit is 1200 hours.
The prototype was fitted with a  Lycoming O-360 burning automotive fuel.
Employs a NACA 4412 airfoil.
The wing has a  greater span and  greater area and employs a Riblett 30-413.5 airfoil, which gives a  higher top speed while retaining a low stall speed.
The redesigned airframe also uses aluminum fuselage formers, window sills and door sills, replacing the steel formers and sills in the original model, which provides better corrosion resistance and less weight.
The landing gear struts are made of heavy-wall round cross section tubing rather than streamlined tubing, which provides more resistance to sideload failure.
First customer deliveries in October 2019.
Walter Brune (* February 14, 1926 in Bremen) is a German architect, urban planner and real estate entrepreneur.
He first worked for the heavy industry and built in the early 1950s - as a very young architect - the coal mine "Prosper Haniel", as well as several power plants, winding towers, etc..
In the late 1950s, the store-company Karstadt noticed him.
For this group he built department stores for 20 years.
The highlight was the design and construction of the Karstadt department store head office in Essen.
Numerous buildings for commerce, industry and administration for other companies also fell within this period.
For two decades, between 1950 and 1970, he developed alongside the major projects country houses for numerous personalities from business and industry (Helmut Horten, Wolf, Bauknecht, etc.)
in the bungalow style, which were introduced in the architectural magazines around the world due to their uniqueness.
In his period Walter Brune operated one of the busiest architectural offices in the Federal Republic of Germany, with satellite offices in New York, Tehran, Kabul and in the Netherlands.
The World Bank commissioned him in partnership with the renowned American architect Marcel Breuer to design large-scale development projects.
For the Shah of Persia, he created the design of a new city on the Caspian Sea (Namak Abroud).
The building development he conducted already in the 1960s, carried out parallel to his architectural practice.
His motivation for this activity was always the worry of being able to pay his many skilled employees because of temporary absence of contract or project delays and the worry of losing them with this.
His entrepreneurial activity was less professional goal but a logical consequence of his thinking.
The result was until today a large real estate company.
The insight about the negative impacts of large shopping center (which he himself proposed in 1970 RheinRuhrZentrum in Mülheim an der Ruhr) is the reason for him to develop the concept of a "City Gallery", a multifunctional scale retail architecture adapted to the inner-block structures form, which he first implemented at the "Kö-Galerie" in Düsseldorf.
The city of Eindhoven entrusted him with the help of "Heuvel Galerie" to revive their former derelict city center.
A symbiosis of old existing structures with a new architecture, adapted to the local tradition of building, which includes retail, services, housing and culture in the form of a concert hall, was the result.
Last but not least because of the negative impacts of large and non-integrated shopping center, he is an active publicist, inter alia with the book "Angriff auf die City" (Düsseldorf, 2006).
Ein Beitrag zur Wiederbelebung der Innenstädte.
): Angriff auf die City.
Kritische Texte zur Konzeption, Planung und Wirkung von integrierten und nicht integrierten Shopping-Centern in zentralen Lagen.
John Howland (26 April 1895 – 4 April 1958) was an English cricketer.
Howland was a right-handed batsman.
He was born at Stow-on-the-Wold, Gloucestershire.
Howland made his first-class debut for Gloucestershire against Warwickshire at Edgbaston in the 1922 County Championship.
He made twelve further first-class appearances for the county, the last of which came against Kent at the Nevill Ground, Tunbridge Wells, in the 1923 County Championship.
In his sixteen first-class matches, he scored 128 runs at an average of 6.40, with a high score of 23.
He died at Oxford, Oxfordshire, on 4 April 1958.
Brett Edward Kelly (born 30 October 1993) is a Canadian actor known for his role as Thurman Merman in the 2003 film Bad Santa.
He appeared in Like Mike 2: Streetball, The Sandlot 2, Unaccompanied Minors, Trick 'r Treat, and reprised his role in the 2016 sequel Bad Santa 2.
Kelly was born in Vancouver, British Columbia and lives in Surrey, British Columbia.
On 25 December 2010, at least 47 people were killed and over 100 others injured, after a female suicide bomber detonated her explosives in a large crowd of people displaced by fighting, who were collecting food at a distribution centre of the World Food Programme in the Pakistani town of Khar, which is located within the Bajaur tribal region, of north-western Pakistan.
It was later reported by witnesses, that the bomber dressed in a full-length burka had reportedly thrown a grenade after resisting search, to which then the bomber proceeded to detonate her explosives.
Several police officials confirmed the bomber was a woman, as opposed to the more likely occurrence of a man wearing the burka as a disguise, in order to successfully conduct this suicide attack.
It was also known that those in this crowd were predominantly displaced members of the Salarzai Tribe, which has supported Pakistan Army operations against the Pakistani Taliban within the Bajaur tribal regions.
Those dozens of people injured in this suicide attack were apparently later taken to local hospitals via means of helicopters.
Local Witnesses, including that of a government official at the main government hospital within the region, Dosti Rehman, claimed that he had personally counted some 40 bodies.
However, there are concerns that the death toll could very likely rise, as the official stated that several of those injured, as a result of this suicide attack were apparently in a critical condition at the local hospitals.
This particular bombing acts as one of a string of recent suicide attacks, which have occurred with near impunity, predominantly throughout Pakistan's north-western, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Province, of north-western Pakistan.
No particular militant group has of yet claimed responsibility for this suicide attack, although the Pakistani Taliban are strong suspects.
The Bajaur tribal region has reportedly seen several Pakistan Army military operations in recent years, however such suicide attacks still continue throughout the region with near impunity.
The Pakistani Prime Minister, Yousaf Raza Gillani later condemned this suicide attack, and claimed that such military offensives would continue against the Pakistani Taliban.
This statement will be met with a certain degree of approval in the U.S, as Pakistan has recently been pressured to launch a major ground-offensive in the nearby North Waziristan tribal region, in order to root-out and destroy the last major remaining safe-haven for Radical Islamist and Pakistani Taliban insurgents within the country.
The U.N World Food Programme later suspended its food distribution activities in the Bajaur tribal region, as a security precaution to this suicide attack.
This suicide bombing was strongly condemned by U.S president, Barack Obama.
The Pakistani Taliban later claimed responsibility for this suicide attack.
This suicide bombing was officially declared the first such suicide attack to involve a female in Pakistan.
SEDAT ("Space Environment DATa System") provides access to near-original satellite data on the space environment in order to perform analyses and queries needed for evaluation of space environment hazards.
The project assembled a database containing a large and comprehensive set of data about that environment as measured in-situ by a number of space plasma missions.
The user is able to select a set of space environment data appropriate to the engineering problem under study.
The project developed a set of software tools, which can operate on the data retrieved from the SEDAT database.
These tools allow the user to carry out a wide range of engineering analyses.
This approach differs from traditional space environment engineering studies.
In the latter the space environment is characterised by a model that is a synthesis of previous observations.
However, in SEDAT the environment is characterised directly by the observations.
The analysis is not constrained by selection effects within the model used.
The analyst may tailor the processing of the data to the problem under study.
The analysis is not constrained by binning or other processing effects that were used to generate the model.
New data are readily incorporated in the database and thus made available for engineering analyses.
The traditional approach would require the production, validation and dissemination of an updated model, which is a far more time-consuming activity.
The SEDAT concept foresees access to distributed datasets, capture of processing methods and openness in analysis tools.
Production of the analysis tools to be used in conjunction with the SEDAT database, based on IDL routines.
Execution of four small exercises, using the SEDAT database and tools, to demonstrate that these functions operate correctly.
This Wikipedia article is about the series of novels.
For characters in the series, see List of The Wolves of Mercy Falls Characters.
The Wolves of Mercy Falls is a series of four novels, located in the genres of romance, fantasy and young adult (YA) fiction, written by number one bestselling author Maggie Stiefvater.
Published by American multinational company Scholastic from between 2009 and 2014, the series consists of the titles Shiver (published 1 August 2009), Linger (published 13 July 2010), Forever (published 12 July 2011) and Sinner (published 1 July 2014).
Set in the fictional town of Mercy Falls, Stiefvater has stated that the real town of Ely in Minnesota would be its closest neighbouring destination, with the two towns sharing a similar climate.
The novels largely follow the relationship of Grace Brisbane and Samuel K. “Sam” Roth, as tensions between humans and wolves/werewolves rise throughout the small town of Mercy Falls, in the wake of the attack of a school boy.
Shiver (2009), the first book in the Shiver trilogy, is written from the alternating perspectives of both Grace and Sam.
The second book, Linger (2010), includes the perspectives of Isabel Culpeper and Cole St Clair, alongside those of Grace and Sam.
The final book in the Shiver Trilogy, Forever (2011), is written from Grace, Sam, Isabel and Cole's perspectives, with a small chapter of prologue from a werewolf named Shelby.
The fourth addition to The Wolves of Mercy Falls series, titled Sinner (2014), is a standalone book which closely follows the characters of Isabel Culpeper and Cole St Clair, set in the Southern California city of Los Angeles, as told from the perspectives of Isabel and Cole.
Stiefvater's Shiver remained on The New York Times (NYT) bestseller list for over 32 weeks in 2009, selling 130,996 copies.
Since publication, it has been licensed in over 30 foreign territories.
The second book in the series, Linger, debuted at number 1 on the NYT Bestseller list in 2010.
There are more than 1.7 million copies of the Shiver trilogy in print.
Saved from their attack by a yellow-eyed wolf, the 6 years following consist of Grace routinely watching the edge of the woods behind her house in search of her saviour – he returns her gaze every winter.
The perspective of the novel alternates between Grace and the yellow-eyed werewolf, Samuel K. “Sam” Roth, who only transforms over the duration of winter.
The death of Jack Culpeper, a student at Grace's school, spreads terror throughout the small community of Mercy Falls, as it is suspected that he has been killed by the wolves.
This leads to the decision to hunt them, with Grace's attempt to deter the shooters resulting in her discovery of Sam, except now in human form.
Having been shot, he had unwillingly transformed into his human state, recognisable to Grace only from his eyes.
Sam is taken to the hospital by Grace, receiving surgery to remove the bullet.
As the two are finally left alone in the recovery unit, Sam awakens from the aesthetic much earlier than anticipated, eventually recognising Grace.
Sam explains to her that his healing abilities are a side-effect of being a werewolf, prompting them to escape, before the doctors discover him awake and with no visible wound.
Grace invites Sam to stay at her house following these events, who reluctantly agrees to sleep in her room, as they decide to hide his presence from her parents.
Back at school, Grace's close friend Olivia Marx reveals that a wolf had been sighted outside the school the day prior.
Its description matches that of the suspected newly transformed werewolf, Jack Culpeper.
Sam attempts to convince Grace that she must also be a werewolf, after having been attacked by the wolves as a child.
At school, Isabel Culpeper tells Grace that she has seen her brother alive in the woods.
Jack had told her that Grace could explain how he was alive, but to protect the pack, Grace lies and implies Isabel has gone mad.
Sam drives to the home of his adoptive farther, Geoffrey Beck, revealing that the pack all live there together over the summer months.
Upon arriving at the house, Sam finds Beck and a van containing three newly turned werewolves.
Disgusted that Beck would put others through the pain of transforming, he leaves.
The day after meeting Grace's parents, Sam rushes downstairs in the early morning to the scene of Grace being pinned against the kitchen cupboards by Shelby, a werewolf.
Sam attacks the wolf, saving his girlfriend, but gaining an injury himself in the process.
At school, Isabel shows Grace a stack of Olivia's photos, containing two pictures of Jack, both as a wolf and as a human.
Forced into revealing the pack's secrets, Grace invites Isabel over to her house, where she and Sam explain about the werewolves.
Sam finds Isabel and Jack in the woods, returning to the Culpeper mansion with them, discovering that Jack has been trying to find a cure to become human.
Convinced that Grace had not transformed because of the existence of a cure, he decides to find her.
Waiting for Sam to pick her up from school, Grace climbs into her car before realising it is Jack behind the wheel.
He tells her she must give him the cure to be human again, using Sam as leverage, who he has as hostage.
Grace calls Beck, alerting him to the situation.
The two arrive at Beck's house soon after.
Jack transforms into a wolf upon entering.
Grace helps Beck to lock him in the bathroom, before calling Sam's mobile.
He answers, saying he has been locked in a shed on the Culpeper's estate.
Grace calls Isabel to help find him, as the temperature is about to drop, meaning Sam could transform.
Isabel eventually finds him and brings him inside, saving him from the cold.
Grace comes to the conclusion that nearly dying from heat stroke as a child cured her, as Isabel suggests that the same effect could be mirrored by injecting Sam and Jack with meningitis.
After they infect the two boys, Sam transforms into a wolf, vanishing into the woods.
Having not seen Sam in months, Grace finally finds him appearing at the edge of the woods behind her house, shockingly in human form.
They embrace.
After becoming human again, Cole turns up at Isabel's house in search of clothes.
To hide her grief over Jack, she ends up kissing him, but he disappears as a wolf again.
Grace becomes very sick and, when she cries in pain, her parents find Sam in her room.
They take Grace to hospital and stop Sam from seeing her.
After returning from hospital, Grace makes plans to go and live with Sam at Beck's house.
She leaves home one night and Sam is ecstatic to see her.
Isabel and Sam find Cole having a fit and discover that he was experimenting with needles, trying to find a way to transition.
Isabel and Cole later kiss again when he's warming up in the bath and again when visiting her mother's clinic.
After spending a day together, during which Cole admits his famous past to her, they almost sleep together until Cole rejects her, not believing he is good enough for her.
When Grace's health worsens, Sam and Cole take her to the hospital where her father punches Sam.
Cole realises that, because Grace was bitten but didn't change in a set amount of time, she's dying.
He eventually comes to the conclusion that she needs to turn.
Isabel shows up and creates a distraction to get Grace's parents out of the room.
Cole then gives Grace his DNA and she shifts, escaping out the window.
Sam states that he will find a cure, and then he will find Grace.
Grace turns into a human and manages to call Sam, but by the time he arrives for her, she has already turned back.
A desperate Cole tries to call Isabel but since she's still upset at his rejection, he leaves 20 voicemails on her machine.
Grace is chased into a sinkhole by Shelby.
Sam and Cole find her and manage to save her, locking her in the bathroom until she can change back.
Isabel is shocked to discover that her father is arranging for the wolves to be removed from the protected species list.
Cole reads Beck's diaries and discovers that the wolves have been moved once before, when Hannah, a wolf who could retain her human memories in wolf form, lead them.
Sam is interrogated by Officer Koenig as he is the suspect to be behind the death and possible rape (as she was found naked) of Olivia, and Grace's disappearance.
Sam and Grace tell him about the wolves and he tells them that he owns land just outside Mercy Falls where the wolves would be safe.
Grace visits her parents to say goodbye, but they have replaced her with a cat.
Cole captures Beck and calls Sam and Grace.
He injects Beck with a substance he has made, despite Sam's protests, and it turns Beck human again.
They tell him that Sam was successfully cured but they have to move the wolves.
Beck tells them about Hannah and turns back into a wolf, agreeing to help.
Cole injects Sam and himself, turning them into wolves.
The helicopter catches up to them and Beck is killed.
The pack splits when Shelby and Sam fight.
Shelby attacks Cole but they are shot.
Isabel, who has driven up to the commotion, is hurt by Cole's apparent death and drives onto the scene.
Her father texts her to leave, but she refuses The hunt stops and the wolves arrive safely.
Finally, Isabel discovers that her parents are sending her to California for ruining the hunt.
Cole calls her and she is thrilled that he is alive.
He admits that he needed to talk to her before he saw Sam and Grace.
She tells him to keep her number, and they say goodbye.
In the day, Cole visits the home of Baby North, owner of the web TV show SharpT33th, before he begins starring in her NARKOTIKA based reality show.
Baby visits Isabel later in the day and proposes that she should star alongside Cole.
The discovery that Cole did not come to California to find her, but instead to return to the spot light, devastates Isabel.
She refuses to be on the show, calling Cole to accuse him of lying to her, before telling him to drop dead.
Cole begins living in the house supplied by Baby alongside the three-member band she had arranged.
Cameras are sewn throughout the house, with a camera crew to match.
After rejecting the guitarist and bassist chosen for him, he decidedly informs Baby's that he shall conduct the auditions himself.
Isabel calls Cole and tells him she will go out for breakfast with him instead.
Isabel joins Cole at his house for breakfast, which they eat in the bathroom, the only place out of reach from the cameras.
Their date is interrupted by a phone call from Baby, informing him that preparations have been made to host the auditions on the beach, as he had requested.
Isabel refuses to join him.
Cole calls his old band member Jeremy Shutt, wanting him to return to playing bass for him.
Already playing bass for a new band, he agrees to come to the auditions, but only to help Cole to choose his successor.
After the auditions have finished, Cole unsuccessful in his search of a new bassist, Jeremy finally agrees to join NARKOTIKA again.
Isabel watches the first episode online.
In between going on dates with Isabel and transforming into a werewolf in his bathroom, Cole begins writing NARKOTIKA's new album.
Baby's attempts to sabotage him fall short, as Isabel and his secret transformations into a wolf help him maintain his sanity and sobriety.
Isabel arrives at a birthday party arranged for Cole, finding him smelling of alcohol and with a girl hanging off him.
In the parking lot she accuses him of being drunk, before telling him to never call her again.
Cole returns to the party, where he receives his birthday present: a reunion with his Mustang that he had been wanting, and the reunion with his parents that he had not.
After some words of advice from his friend, Leon, and a phone call to Grace, Cole takes his parents out for dinner.
Later, while performing, Cole is punched by his ex-band member's sister who appears from the crowd.
He is then taken to Jeremy's house to get cleaned up.
After seeing the happiness Jeremy has surrounded himself with, Cole decides to show his genuine self.
Eventually, he and Isabel begin dating, finally announcing their love for each other decidedly in front of the cameras.
After meeting Sam in his human form, she falls in love with him and they begin dating.
She returns to help move the wolves and considers undergoing bacterial meningitis to become human again at the end of Forever so that she can go to college.
She has dirty blonde hair and is the most beautiful girl Sam has ever seen; John Marx, the brother of Grace's close friend Olivia Marx, would also call her "good looking" as a pet name.
He met Grace and they begin dating, gradually falling in love.
Isabel injects him with bacterial meningitis as a possible cure, but he disappears into the woods after transforming.
He later returns as a human, revealing the cure had worked.
After Grace disappears, he vows to find her again.
When the wolves are under threat, he is injected so that he can turn into a wolf again to help move them into a safer location.
He often puts his feelings into lyrics, becoming human again at the end of Forever.
He has a dark mop of hair and yellow eyes; Cole describes him as being a yellow-eyed John Lennon and Grace thinks he looks everything but nothing like his wolf form at the same time.
She moved to Mercy Falls from California when she was 14.
After discovering that Jack was a werewolf, she helped Grace with Sam, growing very close to her.
Isabel suggested bacterial meningitis as a cure.
This killed Jack but saved Sam.
Although originally portrayed as a cold person, Isabel begins to show her softer side, especially in her friendship with Grace.
Isabel begins an on-off relationship with werewolf Cole.
Isabel stops a wolf hunt by refusing to leave the scene, resulting in her being sent back to California.
When Cole called her to say goodbye, having fallen in love with her, she told him to keep her number.
Grace says that Isabel has is very good looking, typical of a Culpeper, and Cole describes her as being drop dead gorgeous the first time he sees her.
She has blue eyes and blonde hair, though her long ringlets are cut short and jagged at the start of Linger.
He was introduced in Linger and was a narrator for Linger, Forever and Sinner.
After attacking Shelby, he was almost killed.
He was also the one to discover that it was adrenaline, not temperature, to trigger a transformation.
Because of his father's doctor career, he managed to find injections that could influence transformation.
He has brown hair and green eyes,described by Isabel and Grace as being very good looking.
Cole is the lead singer of the famous band NARKOTIKA.
She was a narrator in Forever.
Feeling sorry for her, Beck turned her.
As a wolf, she was supposedly the dominant female.
However, she was in love with Sam and wanted him to be beside her, often trying to kill Sam's girlfriend, Grace, of whom she was jealous.
She was the one to turn Jack and kill Olivia.
After attacking Cole, both of them are shot, but only Shelby is killed.
She has white blonde hair and Grace calls her beautiful with deep, soulful eyes; she also has a strong southern accent.
Maggie Stiefvater has stated that she has not completely disregarded the option to adapt the first novel of the series into a film, but has stated that it shall not be occurring in the near future.
Believing that the film industry would limit her power over the production of Shiver's movie counterpart, she has also stated that she would prefer for there to be no movie made.
Joshua Green Peak is a 7,135-foot (2,175 meter) mountain summit located at the western edge of the Saint Elias Mountains, in the U.S. state of Alaska.
The peak is situated in Wrangell-St. Elias National Park and Preserve at the head of Dan Creek,  east-southeast of McCarthy, and  east-northeast of Williams Peak.
The peak is named after Joshua Green (1869-1975), a Seattle businessman who through his financial backing of mining ventures was instrumental in mineral development in the Dan Creek area.
The peak's name was officially adopted in 1975 by the U.S. Board on Geographic Names.
Precipitation runoff from the mountain drains into Dan Creek which is a tributary of the Nizina River, which in turn is part of the Copper River drainage basin.
Winds coming off the Gulf of Alaska are forced upwards by the Saint Elias Mountains (orographic lift), causing heavy precipitation in the form of rainfall and snowfall.
Temperatures can drop below −20 °C with wind chill factors below −30 °C.
The months May through June offer the most favorable weather for viewing and climbing.
David Paul (born March 8, 1957) is an American actor, producer, television personality and bodybuilder.
He and his twin brother Peter were born in Hartford, Connecticut.
They both appeared in an episode of Knight Rider entitled "Knight of the Drones".
David and his twin brother, Peter Paul, had a small part in the Oliver Stone movie Natural Born Killers in which they are in a bodybuilding public gym milieu being interviewed by Robert Downey Jr.'s character, but the scene ended up on the cutting room floor.
Their part can be found on the director's cut of the film, in which director Stone says of the excised Barbarian Brothers scene "they're overacting, and it's my fault."
Jake Gyllenhaal is an American actor who has appeared in multiple film roles.
Throughout his career, Gyllenhaal has been nominated for various awards, including Academy Awards, British Academy Film Awards, and Golden Globe Awards.
The Vineyard is a historic home and farm complex located at Bel Air, Harford County, Maryland, United States.
It consists of a cluster of buildings on a knoll in the center of a  working grain and livestock farm.
The main house is a large stone structure, the oldest section of which comprises a two-story side stairhall / double parlor dwelling built about 1804.
Two bays were added to the old house around 1870.
Historically significant outbuildings, include three structures (a dairy/smokehouse, an ice house, and a slave quarter) which may predate the older section of the main building.
The Vineyard was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
Broc McCauley (born 20 December 1986) is a former Australian rules footballer, who played for Hawthorn Football Club and Brisbane Lions Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).
A junior sporting standout in cricket, soccer and basketball  who three years earlier had been an up-and-coming first-division soccer player.
Frustrated by having to drive to Brisbane to play soccer, especially when studying on the Gold Coast, he went back to his one-time junior club to play AFL.
He started in the Surfers Paradise reserves in the second division, switched to Southport  to maximize his competitive opportunities in 2007, and was a senior fixture in the Sharks side in 2007-08-09.
In 2007 he played a full season, including 12 senior games, and was the best ruckman on the ground in the ’07 QAFL grand final loss to Mt.
Gravatt.
In 2008 he played in the winning grand final side against Morningside.
He played 20 of a possible 21 games in 2009.
He also made his Queensland representative debut against Tasmania in June 2009, was a member of the QAFL Team of the Year, finished equal 7th in the Grogan Medal, and won the club’s ‘Most Improved Player’ award.
McCauley made his debut in Round 2 of the 2011 AFL season against the Western Bulldogs at Etihad Stadium.
McCauley was delisted at the end of the 2011 season.
McCauley was rookie upgraded after Alex Woodward was put on the long-term injury list.
McCauley played his first game for the Hawthorn Football Club in Round 1 on the 30/3/2012, primary playing on seasoned Ruckman Darren Jolly, acquiring 21 hit outs, 14 possessions and 1 goal, his first in AFL.
McCauley retired from AFL on 30 October 2012, due to ongoing injuries.
I can be a stock-broker all my life – I’ll only get one chance to be an AFL footballer, he said.
January 11 – Ching-Thang Khomba is crowned King of Manipur.
January 22 – American Revolutionary War – Claudius Smith is hanged at Goshen, Orange County, New York for supposed acts of terrorism upon the people of the surrounding communities.
January 29 – After a second petition for partition from its residents, the North Carolina General Assembly abolishes Bute County, North Carolina (established 1764) by dividing it and naming the northern portion Warren County (for Revolutionary War hero Joseph Warren), the southern portion Franklin County (for Benjamin Franklin).
The General Assembly also establishes Warrenton (also named for Joseph Warren) to be the seat of Warren County, and Louisburg (named for Louis XVI of France) to be the seat of Franklin County.
February 12 – Lieutenant Colonel Francisco Bouligny arrives with Malagueño colonists at Bayou Teche, to establish the city of New Iberia, Louisiana.
February 14 – Captain James Cook is killed on the Sandwich Islands, on his third voyage.
March 10 – The Treaty of Aynalıkavak is signed between Ottoman Turkey and the Russian Empire, regarding the Crimean Khanate.
May 13 – War of the Bavarian Succession – Russian and French mediators at the Congress of Teschen negotiate an end to the war.
In the agreement Austria receives a part of the Bavarian territory (the Innviertel), and relinquishes the rest.
June 1 – American Revolutionary War – Benedict Arnold is court-martialed for malfeasance, in his treatment of government property.
June 16 – American Revolutionary War – In support of the U.S., Spain declares war on Britain.
June 21 – King Charles III of Spain issues a declaration of war against Great Britain.
July 16 – Declaratory Rescript of the Illyrian Nation issued in order to regulate organization of Eastern Orthodox Church in Habsburg Monarchy.
July 20 – Tekle Giyorgis I begins the first of his five reigns as Emperor of Ethiopia.
July 22 – Battle of Minisink: The Goshen Militia is destroyed by Joseph Brant's forces.
July 24 – American Revolutionary War – American forces, led by Commodore Dudley Saltonstall, launch the Penobscot Expedition in what is now Castine, Maine, resulting in the worst naval defeat in U.S. history (until Pearl Harbor).
July – The Great Siege of Gibraltar (fourteenth and last military siege) begins.
This is an action by French and Spanish forces to wrest control of Gibraltar from the established British garrison.
The garrison, led by George Augustus Eliott (later 1st Baron Heathfield of Gibraltar), survives all attacks and a blockade of supplies.
The Great Siege of Gibraltar starts, the longest siege endured by the British Armed Forces.
September 14–15 – American Revolutionary War – Little Beard's Town, a loyalist stronghold, is burnt by the Sullivan Expedition.
September 23 – American Revolutionary War – Battle of Flamborough Head – The American ship Bonhomme Richard, commanded by John Paul Jones, engages the British ship .
The Bonhomme Richard sinks, but the Americans board the Serapis and other vessels, and are victorious.
November 2 – The North Carolina General Assembly carves a new county from Dobbs County, North Carolina and names it Wayne County, in honor of United States General Anthony Wayne.
December 13 – Alexandre, Vicomte de Beauharnais marries Joséphine Tascher.
December 25 – Fort Nashborough (later to become Nashville, Tennessee) is founded by James Robertson.
December 29 – American Revolutionary War: Capture of Savannah – British forces under Archibald Campbell take the city of Savannah, Georgia.
December 31 – Affair of Fielding and Bylandt: Following a brief naval engagement between the British and Dutch off the Isle of Wight, the Dutch merchantmen and naval vessels are captured and taken to Portsmouth, England.
It will open to traffic on January 1, 1781.
The spinning mule is perfected by Lancashire inventor Samuel Crompton.
Boulton and Watt's  Smethwick Engine, now the oldest working engine in the world, is brought into service (May)).
The city of Tampere, Finland, is founded.
A joint Spanish-Portuguese survey of the Amazon basin begins to determine the boundary between the colonial possessions in South America; it continues until 1795.
1742), British singer and mistress of John Montagu, Earl of Sandwich (murdered) (b.
Rowayton is an affluent coastal village in the city of Norwalk, Connecticut, roughly  from New York City.
The community is governed by the Sixth Taxing District of Norwalk and has a number of active local associations, including the Civic Association, the Historical Society, the Rowayton Library, a Gardeners Club, and a Parents Exchange.
Rowayton annually plays host to a Shakespearean production at Pinkney Park, produced by Shakespeare on the Sound, and also has an active community of artists, many of whom are associated with the Rowayton Arts Center.
The Rowayton station on the New Haven line of the Metro-North Railroad is located within the community, as is an elementary school, a public beach and the Rowayton Public Library.
John Frederick Kensett, a famous 19th century landscape painter of the Hudson School, frequently painted this seascape in his later life.
This tradition has been carried on in an active local arts scene.
Rowayton is home to a host of beaches, three of which—Roton Point, Bayley Beach, and a coastal enclave of Wee Burn Country Club—share a common history.
In the early 20th century, the properties of all three made up the Roton Point Amusement Park.
A boat landing attached to Sunset Rock, just to the West of Belle Island, allowed steam boats to bring day-trippers from New York City to the park.
A trolley ran from both Darien and Norwalk, arriving at the Park via Highland Avenue and over present-day Langdon Preserve, located across from Farm Creek.
At the Amusement Park, amenities included a bath house, a picnic grove, and rides ranging from the classic carousel to roller coasters with stunning views of the beach.
In 1910, James A. Farrell, later president of the United States Steel Corporation, built a Tudor revival mansion, which burned down in 1913 and was rebuilt in granite.
The estate was later bought by the Remington Rand Corporation, developers of the UNIVAC computer, which merged with Sperry Corporation to form Sperry Rand.
Since 1966, the Farrell family stables have been converted to the Rowayton Community Center and the Rowayton Library.
In 1964, part of the estate was purchased by the Thomas School for girls, a day and boarding school founded by Mabel Thomas in 1922.
The school later merged with other private schools in the area, eventually becoming King Low Heywood Thomas in 1988.
The school is now co-educational and located in Stamford, Connecticut.
The mansion and attached office building were previously owned by Hewitt Associates.
Currently, the main house of the estate is home to Graham Capital.
), movie actor (Counterfit Traitor, Firefox, etc.
In co-simulation the different subsystems which form a coupled problem are modeled and simulated in a distributed manner.
Hence, the modeling is done on the subsystem level without having the coupled problem in mind.
Furthermore, the coupled simulation is carried out by running the subsystems in a black-box manner.
During the simulation the subsystems will exchange data.
Co-simulation can be considered as the joint simulation of the already well-established tools and semantics; when they are simulated with their suitable solvers.
As the calculation load is shared among simulators, co-simulation also enables the possibility of large scale system assessment.
Establishing a co-simulation framework can be a challenging and complex task because it requires a strong interoperability among the participating elements, especially in case of multiple-formalism co-simulation.
Harmonization, adaptation and eventually changes of actual employed standards and protocols in individual models need to be done to be able to integrate into the holistic framework.
The generic layered structuration of co-simulation framework  highlights the intersection of domains and the issues that need to be solved in the process of designing a co-simulation framework.
The detailed technical implementation and synchronization techniques are covered in dynamic and technical layers.
Information is exchanged through either ad-hoc interfaces  or via intermediate buffer governed by a master algorithm.
Master algorithm (where exists) is responsible for instantiating the simulators and for orchestrating the information exchange (simulator-simulator or simulator-orchestrator).
In general, operational integration is used in co-simulation for a specific problem and aims for interoperability at dynamic and technical layers (i.e.
signal exchange).
On the other hand, formal integration allows interoperability in semantic and syntactic level via either model coupling or simulator coupling.
Formal integration often involves a master federate to orchestrate the semantic and syntactic of the interaction among simulators.
From a dynamic and technical point of view, it is necessary to consider the synchronization techniques and communication patterns in the process of implementation.
The Gauss-Seidel and the Jacobi variants.
The names of these two methods are derived from the structural similarities to the numerical methods by the same name.
The reason is that the Jacobi method is easy to convert into an equivalent parallel algorithm while there are difficulties to do so for the Gauss-Seidel method .
Each simulator is seen as an agent and "behaves" according to its associated simulator.
The agents interact, exchange data between each other in a network.
John K. Rafferty (born May 1, 1938) is an American politician who served as the Mayor of Hamilton Township from 1976 to 1999 and in the New Jersey General Assembly from the 14th Legislative District from 1986 to 1988.
, also known as  are graters used in Japanese cooking.
These oroshigane differ significantly from Western-style graters, as they produce a much finer grating.
Traditionally, these graters were tin-coated copper plates with many small spikes gouged out of the metal, but no actual perforations through the metal.
These graters are still considered the best and are used by professional chefs.
For preparing wasabi and yamaimo, graters with the surface made from shark skin were exclusively used.
These have an even finer grating surface than a metal one; much closer to a sanding paper.
However, nowadays non-professional cooks usually use much less expensive graters made from other metals, plastic, or ceramics.
A modern variation of these graters also has perforations and may come with a matching box so that the grated material drops through the grater into the box.
There are two versions of the grater in common use with different coarseness.
The coarse grater is used to grate daikon and similar foodstuffs, whereas the fine graters are used for grating wasabi or ginger.
The fine graters are also sometimes sold as a wooden board covered with shark skin, which has many tiny teeth (dermal denticles) and give it a feel similar to sandpaper.
The West Point Story (also known as Fine and Dandy) is a 1950 musical comedy film directed by Roy Del Ruth and starring James Cagney, Virginia Mayo and Doris Day.
He is offered the job by producer Harry Eberhart (Roland Winters), with whom he has had a rocky relationship over the years.
Eberhart has an underhanded goal in mind: He wants to get his talented nephew Tom Fletcher (Gordon MacRae) out of the Corps of Cadets and turn him into a Broadway star.
Bix, who is broke or nearly, agrees to arrange this in return for a cut of Fletcher's future earnings.
He and his loyal assistant and girlfriend, Eve Dillon (Virginia Mayo), travel to West Point to turn the annual 100th Night Show written by Tom and his friend  Hal Courtland (Gene Nelson) from amateur hour into a Broadway-level production.
Bix quickly runs afoul of the Military Academy's rules and customs, cold-cocking Bull Gilbert (Alan Hale Jr.), the cadet who is playing the Princess in the show, after Bull mouths off during rehearsal.
The Commandant of Cadets wants to throw him off the Academy grounds, but the cadets in the 100th Night Show, led by Tom, persuade the Commandant to extend to Bixby a privilege seldom offered to outsiders: to live as one of them, a temporary plebe in the Corps of Cadets.
The Com is dubious; he's seen Bixby's wartime record, an equal amount of appalling breaches of discipline (including selling a B-17 to an Arab sheik, and going AWOL from a rest camp to fight the Germans with the French Resistance) and incredible acts of valor that garnered Bix the Distinguished Service Cross, the Silver Star, two Purple Hearts, and the French  Medaille Militaire, a medal seldom awarded to foreigners.
In pursuit of the goal of getting Tom Fletcher out of the Army, Bix persuades his protege Jan Wilson (Doris Day), a chorus girl he discovered and turned into a movie star, to come to a "hop" (dance) thrown by the cast of the 100th Night Show as Tom's date.
She finds herself very taken with Cadet Fletcher, and takes on the role of the Princess in the show (courtesy of Bix persuading the Commandant to break tradition and allow a woman to play a female role, West Point at the time being an all-male school; he later persuades the Commandant to allow Eve to play in the show as well).
The two of them fall in love, but there are the problems of Tom's military obligation and Jan's Hollywood contracts to be resolved.
Tom goes off the deep end and submits his resignation from the Military Academy.
Bix, Bull Gilbert, and Hal, the lead dancer of the 100th Nigh Show, go AWOL, follow Tom to New York where he has gone to be with Jan, and bring him back to West Point.
But before they return to the Academy, Jan says no to Tom's proposal, realizing how important it is to him that he graduate and be commissioned.
Tom is devastated.
Wise in the ways of military bureaucracy, Bixby succeeds in intercepting and destroying Tom's resignation letter before official notice can be taken of it, but Tom, Bull, and Hal  are arrested on their return to the Academy by order of the Commandant and are confined to quarters except when on duty or in class.
The show is threatened with cancellation.
The cadets in the show and Bix use their influence to arrange a meeting with the French Premier, visiting the United States on a diplomatic mission.
Because of a West Point custom that a visiting dignitary can "request amnesty," the forgiving of all disciplinary offenses for the Corps of Cadets, he is the one man in the country who can insure that the 100th Night Show goes on.
Bixby shows the Premier his Medaille Militaire, and the Premier rearranges his schedule to visit the Military Academy, requesting that the Superintendent grant the cadets amnesty at a military parade in his honor.
The Superintendent does so, and the show will go on.
Eberhart comes to West Point to see the show, presuming that he will be bringing his nephew home with him to become a Broadway star.
Deciding that her love for Tom is more important than her career, Jan comes north in time to take Bull Gilbert's place as the Princess (much to Bull's relief) for the "Flirtation Rock" number and the two reconcile, with their marriage on graduation implied.
Eberhart, the Broadway producer, comes backstage to find out from Bix when he can take Fletcher back to New York to start his career.
When Bixby tells him that Tom is going to become a second lieutenant and not an actor, Eberhart swears that he will see to it Bix never works in show business again.
With nothing to lose, Bix  takes a swing at the producer, who ducks.
The punch connects with Hal, knocking him out and injuring his leg so he can't go on.
Bix goes on with Eve for the specialty dance number "It Could Only Happen In Brooklyn."
Before the Finale, Tom calls Bix out onto the stage and informs him that instead of the book and libretto going into the Academy archives never to be seen again, they are being given to him to turn into a Broadway show.
The cadet cast, Bix, Eve, Tom, and Jan then do the Finale, a reprise of the major numbers of the show, and the curtain falls.
Ray Heindorf was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Music, Scoring of a Musical Picture and John Monks Jr., Charles Hoffman and Irving Wallace were nominated for a Writers Guild of America award for Best Written American Musical.
Eupithecia retusa is a moth in the family Geometridae.
It is found in Libya.
Kennessee is a term coined to denote land along the Kentucky - Tennessee state border that historically lay between the Walker Line surveyed by Dr. Thomas Walker and Daniel Smith in 1779-1780 and the true parallel 36 degrees and 30 minutes surveyed by Thomas J. Matthews in July–September 1826.
The 6-to-12-mile-wide strip of land below the present southern border of Kentucky between the Cumberland Gap and the point where the Tennessee River enters Kentucky was claimed both by Kentucky and Tennessee at the same time.
Even after the decision was made in 1820 that the land in the strip east of the Tennessee River belonged to Tennessee, Kentucky was given the right to grant the remaining open land to settlers.
If a person was born in the disputed strip after 1796, when Tennessee's claim to the Walker line as its northern boundary was recognized, and before 1826, when the dispute was settled, they could have been uncertain as to just which state to say they were born in, especially if they owned or squatted on land right on the border, leading some residents to say they lived in "Kennessee."
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Rusk County, Texas.
This is intended to be a complete list of properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Rusk County, Texas.
There are one district, five individual properties, and one former property listed on the National Register in the county.
Two individually listed properties are Recorded Texas Historic Landmarks with one additional located within the district and another on one of the individual properties.
Anna Maria Hermansson (born 18 June 1969) is a Swedish biathlete.
She competed in two events at the 1992 Winter Olympics.
Paul Kendall is a composer, producer and visual artist, primarily known as a sound engineer, mixer, mainly through his extensive career at Mute Records and his collaborations with Alan Wilder of Recoil.
In 1973 he went to York University to study maths, dropping out after nine months.
While at university he began experimenting with the VCS3 synth and tape manipulation.
On his return to London he worked in Barclays Bank for nine and a half years, which allowed him to continue working on music.
He set up a small demo recording studio in Covent Garden with two friends, which gave him first hand experience of recording techniques.
When his mother died in 1984, he left Barclays and built a 16-track studio in his home.
During this period his first wife had become a member of Fad Gadget, through which he met Daniel Miller, head of Mute Records, and began working for Miller in his newly established Worldwide International studio, the beginning of a long collaboration with many Mute artists including Renegade Soundwave, I Start Counting, Barry Adamson, Miranda Sex Garden, Nitzer Ebb, Wire, Depeche Mode, and eventually Recoil.
Around Christmas 1990, Kendall started using an Apple Mac computer and Sound Designer software from Digidesign, which gave him more possibilities for ordering and controlling sound.
He set up The Parallel Series, a sub-label of Mute.
The four Parallel Series releases were Void In by Andrei Samsonov, Orr by Gilbert Hampson Kendall, (with Bruce Gilbert and Robert Hampson), The Faulty Caress by Piquet, and Displaced Links by Kendall Turner Overdrive (with Simon Fisher Turner).
In 2003, another Parallel series was released through French label Ici, d'ailleurs... and their electronic division 0101, Capture by The Digital Intervention (with Olivia Louvel).
Kendall returned to England in 2007 after five years in Paris.
This coincided with the release of Recoil's subHuman, and Kendall worked closely with Alan Wilder in the preparation of Selected, leading to his first experience of touring.
"A Strange Hour" with Alan and Paul was presented throughout Europe, Russia, North, Central, and South America between February 2010 and November 2011.
The majority of the work on this album was created between 2002-07 during his time in Paris.
Family Value Pack CD, Ant-Zen, 2014.
Psychopathology is a peer-reviewed medical journal that research on and classification of mental illness in clinical psychiatry, the field of psychopathology.
It was established in 1897 as Psychiatria Clinica and obtained its current name in 1984.
Brian Manion Dennehy (born July 9, 1938) is an American actor of film, stage, and television.
A winner of one Golden Globe, two Tony Awards and a recipient of six Primetime Emmy Award nominations, he gained initial recognition for his role as Sheriff Will Teasle in First Blood (1982).
He has had roles in numerous films including Gorky Park (1983), Silverado (1985), Cocoon (1985), F/X (1986), Presumed Innocent (1990), Romeo + Juliet (1996), and Knight of Cups (2015).
Dennehy won the Golden Globe Award for Best Actor in a Miniseries or Television Film for his role as Willy Loman in the television film Death of a Salesman (2000).
He has two brothers, Michael and Edward.
He is of Irish ancestry and was raised Catholic.
The family relocated to Long Island, New York, where Dennehy attended Chaminade High School in the town of Mineola.
A football scholarship paved the way to Columbia University in New York City, where he played football, earned a BA in history and became a member of the Sigma Chi fraternity.
He went on to graduate studies in dramatic arts at Yale University.
He played rugby union for Old Blue RFC.
Prior to pursuing acting Dennehy worked as a stockbroker for Merrill Lynch in their Manhattan office in the mid 1970s.
His breakthrough role was as the overzealous sheriff Will Teasle in First Blood (1982) opposite Sylvester Stallone as John Rambo.
His earlier films included several comedies, like Semi-Tough with Burt Reynolds (in which he portrayed a pro football player), Foul Play with Chevy Chase, and 10 with Dudley Moore (as an Acapulco bartender).
He later portrayed a corrupt sheriff in the western Silverado and an alien in Cocoon, both released in 1985.
He also starred in the Peter Greenaway film The Belly of an Architect, for which he won the Best Actor Award at the 1987 Chicago International Film Festival.
Commenting upon this unusual venture, Dennehy said, "I've been in a lot of movies but this is the first film I've made."
He went on to star as Harrison in the Australian film The Man from Snowy River II in 1988.
One of his most well-known roles came in the 1995 Chris Farley-David Spade comedy Tommy Boy as Big Tom Callahan.
He also was reunited with his 10 co-star Bo Derek in Tommy Boy, in which she played his wife.
Dennehy had a voice role in the animated movie Ratatouille as Django, father of the rat chef Remy.
He appeared as the superior officer of Robert De Niro and Al Pacino in the 2008 cop drama Righteous Kill and as the father of Russell Crowe in the 2010 suspense film The Next Three Days.
Dennehy starred as Clarence Darrow in Alleged, a film based on the Scopes Monkey Trial, the famous court battle over the teaching of evolution in American public schools.
He also appeared in an episode of Miami Vice during the 1987–88 season.
Dennehy portrayed Sergeant Ned T. "Frozen Chosen" Coleman in the television movie A Rumor of War (1980) opposite Brad Davis.
He continued to appear in such high-profile television films as Skokie (1981), Split Image (1982), Day One, (1989), A Killing in a Small Town (1990) opposite Barbara Hershey.
He also played the title role in HBO's Teamster Boss: The Jackie Presser Story.
Dennehy had a lead role as fire chief/celebrity dad Leslie "Buddy" Krebs in the short-lived 1982 series Star of the Family.
Despite his star power, that show was canceled after a half a season.
Dennehy was nominated for Emmy Awards six times for his television movies.
He was nominated for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Miniseries or TV Movie for his performance as John Wayne Gacy in To Catch a Killer, and he was nominated that same year in a different category, Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Miniseries or TV Movie, for The Burden of Proof (1992).
Other Emmy nominatations were for his work in A Killing in a Small Town, Murder in the Heartland (1993) and for the Showtime cable TV movie Our Fathers (2005), which was about the Roman Catholic Church sex abuse scandal.
In 2000, Dennehy was nominated for an Emmy for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Miniseries or TV Movie for a television presentation of his performance as Willy Loman in Arthur Miller's Death of a Salesman which he had performed on Broadway.
The performance did, however, precipitate a Golden Globe Award.
He has starred in the popular crime drama Jack Reed TV movies.
He also appeared as a recurring character in the NBC sitcom Just Shoot Me!.
Dennehy was parodied in South Park: Bigger, Longer & Uncut (1999) and an episode of The Simpsons.
In January 2007, he starred in the episode "Scheherazade" of Law & Order: Special Victims Unit as a retired criminal who wants to reconnect with his daughter and admit his crimes before dying of a terminal disease thus eventually clearing a wrongfully imprisoned inmate.
In April 2008, Dennehy guest-starred as a Teamster boss in an episode of 30 Rock.
Dennehy guest-starred in a 2009 episode of Rules of Engagement as the father of the main character, Jeff.
Dennehy has also narrated many television programs.
He narrated Canadian-Irish docudrama Death or Canada.
Dennehy is set to star in the upcoming Amazon Studios series Cocked which will costar Jason Lee, Dreama Walker, Diora Baird, and Sam Trammell.
Most recently Dennehy starred as Elizabeth Keen's grandfather on the NBC series The Blacklist.
The first win was for Death of a Salesman (for which he also won a Laurence Olivier Award for the production's London run), in 1999, and the second was for Eugene O'Neill's Long Day's Journey into Night in 2003.
Both productions were directed by Robert Falls and were originally produced at the Goodman Theatre company in Chicago.
On stage, Dennehy has made frequent performances in the Chicago theater world, and made his Broadway debut in 1995 in Brian Friel's Translations.
In 1999, he was the first male performer to be voted the Sarah Siddons Award for his work in Chicago theater.
He made a return to Broadway in 2007 as Matthew Harrison Brady in Inherit the Wind opposite Christopher Plummer, then returned again opposite Carla Gugino in a 2009 revival of Eugene O'Neill's Desire Under the Elms.
In fall 1992, he played the lead role of Hickey in Robert Falls's production of Eugene O'Neill's The Iceman Cometh at the Abbey Theatre in Dublin.
In 2008, Dennehy appeared at the Stratford Shakespeare Festival, in Stratford, Ontario, Canada, appearing in All's Well That Ends Well as the King of France, and a double bill of plays, Samuel Beckett's Krapp's Last Tape and Eugene O'Neill's Hughie, where Dennehy reprised the role of Erie Smith.
In 2010, he was inducted into the American Theatre Hall of Fame.
In December 2010, he returned to Ireland to play Bull McCabe in the Olympia Theatre of Dublin's stage version of John B. Keane's The Field.
In 2011, Dennehy returned to the Stratford Shakespeare Festival in the role of Sir Toby Belch in Shakespeare's Twelfth Night.
He also played Max in Harold Pinter's The Homecoming, which is the first Pinter work to be produced there.
In April through June 2012, he played the role of Larry Slade in the Eugene O'Neill play The Iceman Cometh at the Goodman Theatre in Chicago, which he reprised in 2015 when the production, with most of the Goodman Theater production cast, was revived at the BAM Harvey Theater in Brooklyn, New York.
Dennehy is a 2006 album by the rapper Serengeti (real name David Cohn).
The album's title track is performed from the point of view of "Kenny Dennis", a Chicago resident and avid sports fan in his 40s whose favorite actors are Brian Dennehy and Tom Berenger.
Cohn, watching a broadcast of the Little League World Series in which the competitors were asked their favorite actors and athletes, imagined someone naming Dennehy as his favorite actor.
He then used this as the starting point to develop the rest of the Kenny character, which has become a recurring alter ego for Serengeti.
In numerous interviews, Dennehy claimed to be a Vietnam veteran who served a five-year tour there and recounted harrowing tales of combat, but according to the book Stolen Valor, Dennehy never served in Vietnam and never saw active combat.
The author of Stolen Valor wrote to Dennehy regarding the discrepancy, but received no reply from the actor, although Dennehy later admitted in an interview that he had lied about his service and apologized for it.
He has been married twice and has five children including actress Elizabeth Dennehy.
Jill Wynns is a former member of the San Francisco Board of Education.
She served on the board from her initial election in 1992 until losing re-election in 2016.
Her term was longer than any other board member.
She was admitted to the private Hofstra University after her junior year in high school.
She spent  one year in college in Sweden, then moved to San Francisco in 1969 after earning her BA in Humanities.
She worked for 10 years in professional theater as a costume designer and costume shop manager.
She is currently employed as a campaign executive (professional fundraiser) for the Jewish National Fund.
Wynns became increasingly involved in political issues surrounding education when her three children started public school in San Francisco.
For six years she was the President of San Francisco Parents' Lobby, a citywide political organization for public school parents, and was a founding organizer of a local education coalition, San Franciscans Unified.
She served as President of the School Board in 2001 and 2002, and served as Chair of the Budget Committee for five years.
In the November 4, 2012 election, Wynns was elected to the school board for a record fifth term (the longest serving board member).
Wynns also gained renown for helping expose corrupt Superintendent Bill Rojas.
As the San Francisco Bay Guardian noted when they endorsed her in 2004, "Wynns has spent years as the board skeptic, asking the uncomfortable questions that needed asking and identifying legal and financial realities."
Wynns was as a supporter of former San Francisco Superintendent Arlene Ackerman, who eventually left after increasing clashes with the board's leftist faction.
Ackerman left San Francisco to become superintendent of Philadelphia's school system, and subsequently died in February 2013.
Wynns was known as the board's vocal supporter of keeping the JROTC program in San Francisco schools, though the board majority voted to discontinue JROTC.
Wynns has said that although she opposes the Iraq war and military recruiters in the schools, students and parents have convinced her that JROTC has provided valuable resources and support to many students.
In 2008, San Franciscans agreed with Wynns, voting 55-45 percent in favor of Proposition V, which made it City policy to urge the San Francisco Board of Education to reverse its elimination of the Junior Reserve Officers' Training Corps (JROTC).
This vote followed a growing rift between Wynns and the union, as Wynns had voted multiple times to lay off teachers.
Wynns viewed those actions as necessary to balance the district budget and points out that the San Francisco Unified School District risks being taken over by the state and losing local control if its budget goes into the red, as has happened to other nearby school districts.
The Atomic Heritage Foundation (AHF) is a nonprofit organization originally based in Washington, DC, dedicated to the preservation and interpretation of the Manhattan Project and the Atomic Age and its legacy.
Founded by Cynthia Kelly in 2002, the Foundation's stated goal is, "to provide the public not only a better understanding of the past but also a basis for addressing scientific, technical, political, social and ethical issues of the 21st century."
AHF works with Congress, the Department of Energy, the National Park Service, state and local governments, nonprofit organizations and the former Manhattan Project communities to preserve and interpret historic sites and develop useful and accessible educational materials for veterans, teachers, and the general public.
In June of 2019, the Atomic Heritage Foundation and the National Museum of Nuclear Science & History signed an agreement that granted stewardship of the Atomic Heritage Foundation website and all of the AHF's physical collections to the museum.
The Atomic Heritage Foundation website is now run by the National Museum of Nuclear Science & History.
Additionally, the museum now houses the Atomic Heritage Foundation's physical collections which will eventually be integrated into the Nuclear Museum's own collection.
Together AHF and the Los Alamos Historical Museum have collected hundreds of oral histories over the years.
The interviews offer a variety of perspectives on the project.
Some Native Americans discuss the government’s displacement of the tribes from their ancestral lands in Hanford, Washington.
In others, Pueblo Indians in New Mexico talk about the impact of the government project on their ancestral traditions and economy.
Veterans recall blowing off steam by hiking and skiing in Los Alamos, dancing and bowling in Oak Ridge, and engaging in a meatball mess hall battle in Hanford.
The veterans recalls the top scientists and personnel involved in the project, including J. Robert Oppenheimer, Leslie R. Groves, Enrico Fermi, and Leo Szilard.
The site features interviews with a number of well-known Manhattan Project veterans, including General Leslie Groves and Edward Teller.
In March 2013, Senators Maria Cantwell and Lamar Alexander introduced S. 507 to create a park, and Representatives Doc Hastings, Ben Ray Lujan, and Chuck Fleischmann introduced a companion bill in the House, H.R.
1208.
The Los Alamos, V-Site was the site of assembly for the Trinity device, the first atomic weapon ever detonated.
In October 2006, the AHF co-hosted several days of events to commemorate the successful restoration of the High Bay building.
This historical milestone is one of many captured in the Race for Atomic Power exhibit that opened on May 24, 2005 at the EBR-I.
Upon entering the EBR-I, visitors can relax in a 1950s living room and watch TV.
Clips from the 1950s as well as Nuclear Pioneers, a brief history of the EBR-I produced by the Atomic Heritage Foundation.
Throughout the exhibit are kiosks with video recordings of the veterans explaining aspects of the reactor’s operations.
In the control room, Kirby Whitham explains when the misunderstanding of the command, “Take it down,” resulted in a partial meltdown of the reactor core.
Blackboards present the fundamentals of nuclear fission and a cut-away diagram shows the inner workings of the reactor.
The exhibit was created under the supervision of the AHF and is now run by the Museum of Idaho.
It feature exhibits on the B Reactor — the world's first plutonium production reactor — and its importance, models of the reactor and surrounding buildings, a documentary film (Hanford's  Secret Wartime Mission), and vignettes and education materials on the history of the Hanford site.
The exhibit was developed in partnership with the B Reactor Museum Association, the Hanford Reach National Monument Heritage and Visitor Center, and the Columbia River Exposition on History, Science and Technology.
''The Manhattan Project Guidebook Series: A series of four guides to the Manhattan Project in Manhattan, New Mexico, Tennessee, and Washington State.
The guidebooks relate the history and significance of the Manhattan Project in these areas.Oppenheimer and the Manhattan Project: Edited by Cynthia Kelly, this book provides a spectrum of interpretations of J. Robert Oppenheimer's life and scientific achievements.
Contributors include the Hon.
Senator Jeff Bingaman, authors and historians Richard Rhodes, Martin Sherwin, Kai Bird and Robert S. Norris, and Andy Oppenheimer.Remembering the Manhattan Project: Edited by Cynthia Kelly, part I of this book, comprising papers from the Atomic Heritage Foundation's Symposium on the Manhattan Project in Washington, DC on April 27, 2002, recounts the history of this remarkable effort and reflects upon its legacy.
Contributors include Richard Rhodes, Robert S. Norris, Martin Sherwin and Kai Bird, Gregg Herken, James R. Schlesinger, and others.
Part II proposes a strategy for preserving the historical properties and artifacts of the Manhattan Project for the public and future generations.Race for Atomic Power: A companion book to the museum exhibit of the same name.
FilmsHanford's Secret Wartime Mission: This documentary film chronicles the story of the Manhattan Project at Hanford where the world's first plutonium production facilities were built along the Columbia River in eastern Washington state.
The undertaking paired the University of Chicago's team of extraordinary physicists led by Enrico Fermi with the DuPont Company's industrial expertise led by Crawford Greenewalt.
The film highlights the determination, commitment, and scientific ingenuity of the men and women who took on the seemingly impossible task of producing plutonium in time to contribute to the war effort.A Handful of Soldiers: features three Manhattan Project veterans who describe their experiences at Los Alamos working on the plutonium-based bomb.
The twelve-minute film shows the remains of the "V Site" where the first atomic bomb was assembled.Nuclear Pioneers: The 28-minute documentary film on the Experimental Breeder Reactor I (EBR-I) tells the story of the first nuclear reactor built by the Atomic Energy Commission.
With first-hand accounts from scientists and engineers, the film explores the challenges of creating the world's first reactor to produce usable quantities of electricity and "breed" more fuel than it consumed.
Completed in 1951, the EBR-I paved the way for future generations of "peaceful" reactors and was named a National Historic Landmark in 1966 by President Johnson.Interviews with Manhattan Project Veterans, Vol.
I-III: These films features interviews with seven Manhattan Project veterans.
Complete with pictures from the Department of Energy's archives and short biographies of the veterans, the films describe what it was like to work on the top-secret project that changed world history and created a revolution in science and technology.The Race for Atomic Power: This documentary film traces the history of the National Reactor Testing Station in Idaho Falls, with interviews of former and current employees of NRTS and Idaho National Laboratory.
These vignettes discuss the innovations developed at NRTS during its first 25 years.General Leslie R. Groves'': A brief biography of General Leslie Groves, who built the Pentagon and then became the Manhattan Project's "indispensable man."
Victor Andreevitch Gresev () (born Leningrad, now Saint Petersburg, 31 March 1986) is a Russian rugby union player.
He plays as a number eight.
He played for Slava Moscow (2006-2008), and for VVA Saracens (2009-2011), where he won the Russian Championship, in 2006, 2007, 2008 and 2009.
He signed for London Wasps, where he stayed for 2011/12.
Afterwards, he returned to Russia, joining Krasny Yar Krasnoyarsk, in 2012, where he plays since then.
He won twice the Russian Championship, in 2013 and 2015, and twice the Cup of Russia, in 2013 and 2015.
He has 97 caps for Russia, since 2006, with 19 tries scored, 95 points on aggregate.
He was called for the 2011 Rugby World Cup, playing in four games, one as substitute, and without scoring.
He was also a regular player for Russia national rugby sevens team, being twice European Champion, in 2007 and 2009.
The  was a battle of the Boshin War of the Meiji Restoration, which occurred in 1868 in the northwestern part of Japan, in the area of modern Niigata Prefecture.
The new Meiji government defeated the forces of Shōgun Tokugawa Yoshinobu (mostly from the western domains of Satsuma and Chōshū) at the Battle of Toba–Fushimi, and afterwards divided into three armies to advance on the Shogun’s capital of Edo.
The imperial army marching up the coast of the Sea of Japan was commanded by Yamagata Aritomo and Kuroda Kiyotaka.
With the assistance of two Prussian businessmen (the brothers Edward and Henry Schnell) as military advisors, he purchased two Gatling guns (only one other existed in Japan at the time), 2,000 French rifles, and various other armaments.
On May 4, 1868, Nagaoka joined the Northern Coalition against the Imperial government.
The Imperial army was intent on seizing Niigata harbor to facilitate the supply of weapons and troops in the campaign against Aizu and Shōnai, the two main centers of the revolt.
In the ensuing campaign, Imperial troops suffered heavy losses on land, especially due to the action of Nagaoka's Gatling guns.
In the meantime, a small commando team reached Nagaoka Castle by sea, and set it on fire.
The castle fell on July 8, 1868.
A secondary action occurred two months later, when surviving Nagaoka troops, together with troops from Aizu, managed to take the castle back on September 10, throwing the Imperial side in disarray.
However, the attacking side also suffered serious losses, including its leader Kawai Tsugunosuke, who was wounded during the battle and later died of gangrene in Aizu.
The castle was retaken by the Imperial troops on September 15.
After an unsuccessful effort at stopping the progress of the Imperial armies at the Battle of Bonari Pass, the next key battle in the Boshin War was the Battle of Aizu.
Kaishō Suneru to Boshin Niigata kōbōsen .
Niigata: Toyano Shuppan , 1985.
Kenneth Donald Mackenzie (16 September 1876 – 1 October 1966)  was an eminent Anglican priest and author  in the middle third of the 20th century.
He was educated at Radley and Hertford College, Oxford  and ordained in 1902.
He served curacies at All Hallows’, East India Docks and St John’s, Upper Norwood.
From 1905 to 1910 he was Fellow, Dean and Chaplain of Pembroke College, Oxford.
After a further curacy at  St Mary Magdalene’s, Paddington he became Vicar of Selly Oak in 1915, a post he held for five years.
From 1923 to 1934 he  worked for the Anglo-Catholic Congress.
After that he was a Canon Residentiary at Salisbury Cathedral  until his elevation to the Episcopate as Bishop of Brechin, serving until 1943.
Le Porge is a commune in the Gironde department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in south-western France.
The Queen of Spades () is a 1960 film adaptation of Tchaikovsky's opera The Queen of Spades, based on the Aleksandr Pushkin short story of the same name, and directed by Roman Tikhomirov.
The film, set in the 1820s, follows a man named Hermann, who has just returned from army service to Moscow.
At the beginning of the film, he is in love with the beautiful young Liza - who is engaged to another - but soon he becomes fatally obsessed with learning the secret to a winning card combination from Liza's grandmother, the Countess.
The operatic parts were performed by Zurab Andzhaparidze, Tamara Milashkina, and Yevgeny Kibkalo.
For this film Oleg Strizhenov received the Aleksandr Pushkin's Big Gold Medal and the prize of the Russian Musical Fund of Irina Arkhipova "for the brilliant realization of the figure of Hermann in the film Queen of Spades".
Jan Collaert II or Hans Collaert II (ca.
1561, Antwerp - in or after 1620, Antwerp) was a Flemish engraver and printmaker working in Antwerp around the turn of the 17th century.
Collaert also published under the name Jan Baptist Collaert.
He trained under his brother Adriaen as well as with leading Antwerp engravers Philip Galle and Gerard de Jode.
He became member of the Antwerp Guild of Saint Luke in 1585 and was the Guild's dean in 1612.
From 1580 through his death c. 1620, Collaert and his brother were both employed by Philip Galle, one of the most prolific print publishers in Europe during the late sixteenth century.
The brothers both married a daughter of Galle.
Jan married in the late 1590s with Elisabeth Galle, after he became a widower of Elisabeth Firens, whom he had married in 1595.
The last entry on Jan Collaert II in the Guild's records dates from the yearbook 1620/21.
His pupils included Barbara van den Broeck and Antony van der Does.
Another contemporary draughtsman who provided source material was Maerten de Vos, a Flemish painter in the Mannerist tradition.
De Vos was the author of approximately 1600 drawings that later were made into prints.
Collaert also made a series of prints after de Vos' drawings.
The series of twenty illustrations- plus a title page- depicting Biblical characters engaged in heroic acts were completed between 1590-1595 in association with Cornelis van Kiel, a Dutch lexicographer and writer, for his Latin text Icones Illustrium Feminarum Veteris Testamenti (The Celebrated Women of the Old Testament).
The engravings, "clearly Mannerist in inspiration" are reminiscent of Sandro Botticelli's work, detailed portrayals of Rubenesque figures with tiny heads and expressive hands.
He also produced book illustrations for Antwerp publishing house Plantin Moretus.
"Wat d'yser can bemaelen : les estampes des graveurs anversois Collaert(1550-1630)".
Diels, et al.(2010).
"De familie Collaert (ca.
1555-1630) en de prentkunst in Antwerpen" ("The family Collaert (ca.
1555-1630) and printmaking in Antwerp").
Sellink, M. (Amsterdam, 1997).
"Philips Galle (1537-1612) Engraver and print publisher in Haarlem and Antwerp".
Milburn were an indie rock band from Sheffield, England that consisted of Joe Carnall, Louis Carnall, Tom Rowley, and Joe Green.
They announced their split on 28 March 2008, with the band playing one final gig at Sheffield's Carling Academy on 24 May 2008.
Joe Green started playing the drums and Tom and Louis Carnall both learned to play guitar.
The three then decided to form a band, in which they would play cover versions of songs by bands they admired.
However the band required a singer and bass player, so they encouraged Louis Carnall's younger brother Joe Carnall to join, despite him not knowing how to sing or play bass.
It was a good idea.
Milburn started out playing small gigs in front of friends, practising at drummer Joe Green's grandma's house.
The origin of their name comes from a bet with a friend whose surname was Milburn.
The demo was handed out at gigs and to anyone interested in listening.
The demo's artwork was simply the band's name in front of the colours blue and white, representing their love for local football team Sheffield Wednesday.
The demo contained three tracks, "Steel Town", "High & Dry" and "Tommy".
In 2002 Milburn sold out the Boardwalk in Sheffield twice and played at The Cavern Club in Liverpool, The Garage in London and The Leadmill in Sheffield, while supporting Tony Wright's band Laika Dog and Cosmic Rough Riders.
After releasing two limited singles, "Lipstick Lickin" and "Showroom", on their own label Free Construction, Milburn signed to Mercury Records in 2006.
Their debut single for the label, "Send In the Boys", reached number 22 in the official UK Singles Chart in April 2006, and their debut album, Well Well Well, released on 9 October 2006 on Mercury Records reached number 32 in the official UK Album Chart.
on 17 September.
Milburn promoted These Are the Facts with an initial UK tour in September 2007 then another tour in November 2007.
As part of the November 2007 tour, the gig at Manchester Metropolitan University's K2 was canceled halfway through after the venue failed to hire a sufficient crowd barrier.
This resulted in uncontrollable surges by the crowd, which culminated in an alleged attack on a fan by an event security attendant who then turned on Louis Carnall.
They said there had been no falling out in the band and they still remained friends and supporters of each other as they explore new musical horizons.
The band played two final gigs, at the ABC Glasgow on 22 May and the Carling Academy Sheffield on 24 May 2008 as well as releasing two outtakes from These Are the Facts, "The District Line" and "Stay at Home".
The success of the shows led to the band announcing an Autumn UK tour, as well as a new single.
The "Midnight Control / Forming of a Fate" double A-side was released in September 2016.
The single was recorded at Parr St. Studios, Liverpool, under producer Bill Ryder-Jones.
The band continued to work with Ryder-Jones, completing an album on 26 January 2017.
The band released their 3rd album Time on 29 September 2017 via the band's own label "count to 10 Records" and PledgeMusic.
The album which was recorded in Liverpool with Bill Ryder Jones.
Tom Rowley and Joe Green became members of The Backhanded Compliments and remain in the band's current incarnation Dead Sons.
In January 2009 Tom Rowley joined Reverend and the Makers, replacing Tom Jarvis on guitar but subsequently left to concentrate on Dead Sons.
In 2013 he also joined Arctic Monkeys as a touring member.
In 2009 Joe Carnall started his own band with ex-Arctic Monkeys bassist Andy Nicholson initially called Joe Carnall and the Book Club (subsequently renamed simply The Book Club) and in January 2012 he also joined Reverend and the Makers.
In addition, he also performs as Joe Carnall & Friends in which he and a revolving group of friends from bands such as The Book Club, Milburn and Reverend and the Makers play mostly acoustic versions of songs by both The Book Club and Milburn as well as performing covers of other well known songs.
The Joe Carnall & Friends shows sell out weeks in advance and the Christmas 2013 show sold out the original venue in just 28 minutes and had to be upgraded to The Leadmill to cope with demand.
In 2019 Joe Carnall released his first solo album, under the name Good Cop Bad Cop, the self titled debut was produced by Arctic Monkeys drummer Matt Helders.
LMS interview.
NME mention.
Ivan Gakhov and Alexander Pavlioutchenkov were the defending champions but chose to participate with different partners.
Gakhov partnered John Paul Fruttero but lost in the quarterfinals to Andrés Artuñedo and Emil Ruusuvuori.
Pavlioutchenkov partnered Pavel Kotov but lost in the first round to Arjun Kadhe and Vijay Sundar Prashanth.
Evan King and Hunter Reese won the title after defeating Nikola Čačić and Yang Tsung-hua 6–3, 5–7, [10–4] in the final.
Abunasunga or Abouna Sounga, also known as Lensidede or Lessé Dédé, is a Wayana village on an island in the Lawa River.
As the Lawa River forms the border between Suriname and French Guiana, its territorial status is ambiguous.
Abunasunga is usually listed as a French village however, together with the French Aluku villages.
Abunasunga is unique among Wayana villages in that it lies in the territory inhabited by Aluku.
Chris Abbott (born October 24, 1983) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player, who last played with HV71 of the SHL and is the current general manager of Rögle BK.
His twin brother Cam Abbott, who was also a professional hockey player, is the current head coach for Rögle BK, and they played together on several teams.
He turned professional in 2006-07 season, initially in the ECHL with the Stockton Thunder and Las Vegas Wranglers before establishing a role with the Bossier-Shreveport Mudbugs of the Central Hockey League.
In the 2007–08 season he moved to pursue a European career and signed to play for the Frisk Asker Tigers of the Norwegian GET-ligaen.
After one season he opted to switch to the Swedish league, signing with the Rögle BK of the Elitserien.
After a great season in RBK, Chris, together with his brother Cameron, signed a two-year contract with rivals Luleå HF.
Abbott played with Luleå HF for six seasons, leading the club as captain in his last three before leaving as a free agent to sign a two-year contract with his third SHL club, HV71 on April 21, 2015.
In the 2016–17 season, Abbott was selected as team captain in the final year of his contract with HV71.
He contributed with 6 points in 28 games and 6 points in 7 post-season games to help lead HV71 to their 5th Le Mat trophy.
A week after claiming the Championship, Abbott was not tendered a new contract with HV71 and became a free agent.
On July 12, 2017, Abbott officially announced his retirement through injury.
The Arizona Senate is part of the Arizona Legislature, the state legislature of the US state of Arizona.
The Senate consists of 30 members each representing an average of 219,859 constituents (2009 figures).
Members serve two-year terms with term limits that limit Senators to four terms for a total of eight years.
Members of the Republican Party are currently the majority in the Senate.
As with the Arizona House of Representatives, members to the Senate are elected from the same legislative districts as House members, however one Senator represents the constituency, while for the House there are two Representatives per district.
This districting system is similar to those of the Idaho and Washington State Senate.
In political science, this type of legislative district is called a multi-member district.
Like other upper houses of state and territorial legislatures and the federal U.S. Senate, the Senate can confirm or reject gubernatorial appointments to the state cabinet, commissions and boards.
The Senate convenes in the adjacent legislative chambers at the Arizona State Capitol in  Phoenix.
As a result, the Senate elects its own presiding officer, the President of the Senate, who presides over the body, appoints members to all of the Senate's committees and to joint committees, and may create other committees and subcommittees if desired.
The Senate President also appoints a President pro tempore, who serves for the duration of a session of the legislature, to preside in their absence, and may appoint a temporary President pro tempore in the absence of the President and President pro tempore.
The current President of the Senate is Republican Karen Fann of District 1, the Senate Majority Leader is Rick Gray of District 21.
The current Minority Leader is David Bradley of District 10 with Lupe Contreras of District 19 as the Assistant Minority Leader.
Barbora of Žagarė (–1648) was a Roman Catholic servant of God from Žagarė, then Grand Duchy of Lithuania.
According to oral history, Barbora distinguished herself by her Christian virtues and died young under obscure circumstances.
Her remains were said to be incorruptible.
This inspired a strong following among local people, and numerous miracles are attributed to her.
In 2005 the Diocese of Šiauliai began the process of Barbora's beatification and canonization.
She was the only child born into a noble family of Umiastowskis.
Her mother died early and she had a strict stepmother.
Local people tell stories about her care for the sick and generosity for the beggars.
She would intercede on behalf of serfs and walk to the church on her knees.
It is said that her exceptional piousness and devotion to God displeased and angered her father.
She wanted to become a nun, and even joined a Franciscan monastery in Riga, but her non-believer father would not allow it.
Narratives tell that she jumped out of the second floor of the manor to escape her father's wrath, and died of injuries.
In a document from 1876, vice-governor Vasily Ryzhkov of Kovno Governorate first recorded the claim that Barbora died escaping her father's lust and thus remained a virgin.
However, due to growing veneration of Barbora, her body was moved to the old church of Žagarė.
In 1655, during the Second Northern War, Sweden invaded Lithuania and burned down the church.
Barbora's body and hair was blackened, but otherwise untouched by the flames; as a result, her cult grew stronger.
Tsarist authorities discouraged Catholicism and the crypt was walled up in 1877 on orders of Pyotr Albedinsky, Governor-General of Vilna; it was reopened in 1896.
The remains were put in a glass coffin in the crypt beneath the high altar.
In 1906 an entrance was made to the crypt from outside to ease access.
In 1963, during an anti-religious campaign in the Soviet Union, authorities of the Lithuanian SSR closed the church and transferred the remains of to an unknown location.
At the same time forensic pathologist and MGB agent Juozas Markulis analyzed the body, but his work did not survive.
Reportedly, the Soviets considered displaying the remains at the Museum of Atheism.
Efforts to locate the remains were unsuccessful.
When the church was returned to the congregation, a symbolic casket was placed in the same crypt.
The report was discovered by historian Jonas Totoraitis in 1938.
The bishop reported the story of her unburned corpse and seven other miracles, mostly healing various ailments, said to have taken place between 1735 and 1748.
On 7 January 1860, Motiejus Valančius tasked the parish priest at the Old Žagarė church with registering miracles or other divine graces attributed to Barbora's intercession.
By December 1940, 97 miracles had been documented, but none have been canonically investigated.
The book listing the miracles was thought to have been destroyed during World War II, after the fall of Communism in 1990, Boleslovas Babrauskas, parish priest at St Peter and Paul's church in Žagarė, found it.
The miracles mainly related to curing ailments related mostly to legs and eyes.
Local people venerated Barbara as if she were a saint.
It was common to circle her coffin three times on knees.
Her cult merged with that of Saint Barbara, as the women shared not only name but also similar life stories.
Local people celebrated the feast of Barbora Žagarietė on 4 December and sang hymns that were translated from Polish and initially meant for St. Barbara.
Other commemorations take place on 29 June, the Feast of Saints Peter and Paul, and 2–9 July, the Great Žemaičių Kalvarija Festival.
To express his gratitude to Žagarietė for healing his sister, Alfonsas Lažinskas commissioned an oak wayside shrine by Rimantas Zinkevičius to be installed in the churchyard of the Old Žagarė Church.
The shrine was blessed by Eugenijus Bartulis, Bishop of Šiauliai, on 6 August 2006.
The possibility of Barbora's beatification was investigated by Janina z Ostroróg-Sadowskich Umiastowska, philanthropist and widow of Władysław Umiastowski, and Władysław Kwiatkowski, rector of the , in 1937–1938.
In November 2004, Eugenijus Bartulis sent a request to the Holy See to begin the beatification and canonization for Žagarietė.
In May 2005, the Holy See replied that there were no obstacles in initiating the case; it was officially opened by Bartulis on 24 September 2005.
In 2006, a group of nine scientists was dispatched on an expedition to find and collect information on Žagarietė.
Yuzana Company Limited () is a Burmese company involved in the construction, agriculture, hospitality, real estate and fishery industries.
Yuzana Company was established in 1994 by Htay Myint, a businessman with close ties to Khin Nyunt, a former Burmese prime minister and Than Shwe, the former head of the country's military junta.
Yuzana began as a fisheries venture in Myeik (Mergui) in Southern Burma's Taninthayi Division.
Yuzana Company also owns palm oil, sugarcane, teak, physic nut (Jatropha curcas), and rubber plantations.
Yuzana is one of Burma's largest producers of lahpet (pickled tea leaves), a national dish.
Yuzana is also one of four indigenous Burmese companies that harvests marine shrimps, in a  farm.
In 1997, it opened Yuzana Hotel, a 198-room hotel in Rangoon.
In the 1990s, the company constructed Yuzana Garden City, a suburban housing development in Rangoon.
In 2007, Yuzana Company was awarded a build-operate-transfer government contract to redevelop the  Stilwell Road, which linked northeast India and China during World War II and collect toll and tax fees for 30 years.
In November 2010, Yuzana Company opened a  tapioca powder factory in Kachin State, near the company's plantations in the Hukawng Valley.
The factory is reported to be the largest in Southeast Asia.
In 2011, Yuzana Company was named as one of the subcontractors for a major development project, to establish a special economic zone in Dawei.
The company has received preferential government loans to subsidize financially unsound projects.
That year, the Burmese government granted Yuzana Company a land concession to develop an agricultural development zone in Kachin State's Hukawng Valley (much of it in the Hukawng Valley Tiger Reserve), in Danai and Hpakant Townships.
Within the boundaries of the land concession were seven villages that housed approximately 5,000 farmers.
In August 2012, after negotiations with the National Democratic Front, Htay Myint elected to return a more than  of farmland to farmers in Hpakant Township.
The farmers had sued Yuzana Company for the uncompensated confiscation of  of farmland in 2010.  of the plantations are in the Hukawng Valley Tiger Reserve.
The company has razed forests and destroyed animal corridors in the world's largest tiger reserve.
In 2011, Kachin News Group, an ethnic news organization reported that the Burmese military had been stockpiling weapons in Yuzana Company's crop plantations in the Hukawng Valley.
In July 2012, Yuzana Company was named as one of the perpetrators involved in illegal farmland seizures (initially part of a contract farming scheme) in Yangon Region's Dagon Seikkan and East Dagon Townships.
Burn Out at the Hydrogen Bar is an album by industrial rock band Chemlab.
Each "suture" is an instrumental piece splitting the main tracks apart.
West Virginia Route 53 is an east–west state highway in northwest West Virginia.
The western terminus of the route is at West Virginia Route 5 outside Elizabeth.
The eastern terminus is at West Virginia Route 47 two miles (3 km) southeast of Cisco.
Sir William Seeds KCMG (1882–1973) was a British diplomat.
He served as Ambassador to both Russia and Brazil.
He was the only son of Lady Kaye and Robert Seeds QC, the Queen's Advocate General.
He was educated at Rugby School and was proficient in French, German, Spanish, Portuguese and Russian.
In his late teens he spent two years (1899–1901) in Russia as a student living with several Russian families, studying the culture and language.
He grew to love "the real old Russia like a story or play by Chekhov" On his return from Russia he studied in London to enter the diplomatic service whilst fully enjoying the many entertainments that Edwardian London nightlife had to offer.
Seeds refers to his early years as the "prehistoric years" in his diaries.
He was Chargé d'Affaires and British Consulate General in Lisbon (1913–1919) and Chargé d'Affaires and First Secretary in Berlin in 1919.
He was appointed Consul General for Bavaria in November 1920 and transferred to Munich.
He was Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary to the Republic of Colombia in Bogota from 1923 to 1925  and Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary to the United States of Venezuela from 1925 to 1926.
In 1926–28 he was appointed Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary and Consul General to the Republic of Albania  under the rule of  King Zog.
In 1928 Seeds became British High Commissioner for the Rhineland in Coblenz, and during his tenure of the post he was mainly occupied in the arrangements for the evacuation.
Two years later he was appointed a Knight Commander of the Order of St Michael and St George (KCMG) by George V. Sir William served as Ambassador to Brazil (1930–35).
Seeds' final and most controversial diplomatic post before retirement was as Ambassador to the Soviet Union (1939–40).
They had three sons and one daughter.
Their daughter Sheila, then married to Sir John Fisher Wentworth Dilke, worked at MI5 headquarters in HMP Wormwood Scrubs during the war years.
Their middle son, Hugh, initially joined the Navy then became a conscientious objector and emigrated to New Zealand after the war.
Their eldest son, Professor Robert Seeds (1914–1991), lost his left hand in 1941 whilst detonating a bomb for the British Secret Service.
Their youngest son, James, joined the RAF and was killed in action in 1940 at the age of 20.
A collector of Chinese and Russian artworks, he bequeathed a Carl Fabergé gold, enamel and diamond presentation box to the Victoria and Albert Museum where it is on display (room 91, case 56,) to whom he had also intended to bequeath his collection of 10 Fabergé hardstone figurines who he called  “my little men”.
Seeds' papers, diaries and documents are kept by his granddaughter, Corinna Seeds, on the island of Hydra in Greece, and may be viewed and referenced by historians on request.
Bahtiyor Nurullaev (born ) is an Uzbekistani male weightlifter, competing in the 85 kg category and representing Uzbekistan at international competitions.
He competed at world championships, most recently at the 1999 World Weightlifting Championships.
He also competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics and the 2000 Summer Olympics.
Online land planning is a collaborative process in which sustainable development practices and design professionals from across the world are networked to provide advice and solutions on urban design and land planning issues.
The target audience includes property owners, communities, businesses and government agencies that have limited access, time, finances or personnel to make informed decisions about land use.
In many cases, this approach provides electronic documents that become the catalyst to rebuild after natural or man-made spur rural community development and stimulate or create a new microeconomy.
The use of the Internet, coupled with software technology such as geographic information systems (GIS), allows municipalities and other public and private organizations to compile base information, exchange information, present solutions to land planning issues, and receive feedback vis the internet.
Benefits for land development companies and real estate industry organizations like the Urban Land Institute  include easier access to efficient digital planning technologies, along with the opportunity for immediate participation and feedback.
Worldwide, local and regional governments have created their own websites with access to map-centric and enterprise GIS databases that provide operational and public-service resources.
Building Visitor Attractions in Peripheral Areas - International Journal of Tourism Research, 4, 379-389.
Alhaji Alpha Osman Timbo (born on April 27, 1961 ) is a Sierra Leonean politician, educationist, lecturer and trade unionist .
He was Sierra Leone Minister of Labour and Industrial Relations from 2001-2002 under president Ahmad Tejan Kabbah .
He unsuccessfully ran for the presidential candidate of the Sierra Leone People's Party (SLPP) ahead of the 2012 Sierra Leone presidential elections.
He finished in fourth place at the July 31, 2011 SLPP convention held at the Miata Hall in Freetown, behind Julius Maada Bio, Usman Boie Kamara and Andrew Keili .
Timbo had served as the Secretary General of the Sierra Leone Teachers’ Union.
He had also served as the chairman of the Sierra Leone National Premier League .
He is the current  chairman of Sierra Leone Premier League club Mighty Blackpool.
Alpha Timbo was born to an ethnic Fula father named Alhaji Minkailu Timbo, and to an ethnic Fula mother named Haja Adiatu Barrie .
Alpha Timbo attended the Bombali District Education Committee primary school in his hometown of Rokuland from 1967 to 1973 [(BDEC)].
He then proceeded to the St. Francis Secondary School in Makeni, where he completed up to form five level of education from 1974 to 1979.
In 1980, he transferred to the Ahmadiyya Muslim Secondary School in the capital Freetown where he completed his secondary education in 1981.
Immediately after secondary school in 1981, Timbo enrolled at the Fourah Bay College and graduated with a Bachelor of Arts Degree in History, Law and Philosophy in 1985.
He unsuccessfully ran for the presidential candidate of the Sierra Leone People's Party (SLPP) ahead of the 2012 Sierra Leone presidential elections.
He finished in fourth place at the July 31, 2011 SLPP convention held at the Miata Hall in Freetown, behind Julius Maada Bio, Usman Boie Kamara and Andrew Keili .
After an initial bid for the flagbearership of the SLPP ahead of the 2017 Presidential election, Timbo pulled out of the race on September 29, 2017 and announced his support for Julius Maada Bio, who would go on to be elected flagbearer for the party on October 14, 2017.
The Diocese of Isola was a Roman Catholic diocese in Italy, located in Isola di Capo Rizzuto, Crotone, Reggio Calabria in the ecclesiastical province of Santa Severina.
.
.
Conv.
Neukamperfehn is a municipality in the district of Leer, in Lower Saxony, Germany.
Serhiy Yashchenko (; born 25 June 1959) is a football manager and former player.
He then went back to his native Ukraine and to Shakhtar, winning the 1983 Soviet Cup and the 1984 Soviet Super Cup.
He played a total of 14 seasons with Shakhtar and won, after the collapse of the USSR, the 1995 Ukrainian Cup.
He became head coach of Ukrainian side FC Metalurh Zaporizhzhya in 2006 and guided them to the first round of the UEFA Cup and a 2–1 aggregate defeat to Panathinaikos FC.
He left Zaporizhzhya in April 2007 and took up a position as reserve team coach at FC Metalurh Donetsk.
Following the resignation of Jos Daerden as Metalurh head coach in early December 2007, Yashchenko assumed caretaker manager duties at the club before becoming the permanent manager two weeks later.
Paracrax ("near curassow") is a genus of extinct North American flightless birds, possibly related to modern seriemas and the extinct terror birds.
Part of Bathornithidae (though some analysis recover it as closer to the living seriemas instead, or possibly entirely out of Cariamiformes), it is a specialised member of this group, being cursorial carnivores much like their South American cousins, some species attaining massive sizes.
The type specimen, YPM 537, was collected in Weld County, Colorado, in 1871 by Othniel Charles Marsh, which identified it as a sort of turkey.
It was posteriorly referred to Cracidae by Pierce Brodkorb, before its identity as a bathornithid came to light.
Material previously identified as a cormorant, "Phalacrocorax/Oligocrocorax" mediterraneus, was posteriorly identified as P. antiqua remains.
Since then, two more species have been identified: P. wetmorei and P. gigantea.
These were more closely related to each other than to P. antiqua.
Dating to the Rupelian stage of the Oligocene, it is composed of river deposits that showcase the remains of a rich savanna-like environment.
Several large sized mammal groups are known from this region, such as rhinoceri, oreodonts and hyaenodonts, all co-existing with several flightless bathornithids.
Bathornis, a possible close relative of Paracrax, appears to have favoured wetter ecosystems, while Paracrax occurs in drier environments.
The humerus material is distinct from the closely related Bathornis by an internal condyle that is less distinctively raised in relation to the external condyle.
Overall, it can be assumed that it had similar proportions to phorusrhacids, with proportionally short wings and a large, deep bill.
The keel is rather proportionally shallow, like a ratite's.
It has unique characteristics quite unlike the sternum of any other bird (though vaguely convergent to that of the modern hoatzin), making it easily identifiable.
Both P. antiqua and P. gigantea were clearly flightless, being large birds with far too short forelimbs and keels, the former in particular having highly reduced metacarpals, though P. wetmorei might have still been capable of limited flight.
Paracrax gigantea in particular is a very large bird, reaching estimated heights of over , making it among the largest of bathornithids and among the tallest animals in its environment.
In terms of ecology, it would probably have been similar to its more famous relatives, the phorusrhacid terror birds, being a large, flightless killer.
It is a prime example of a large flightless predatory bird co-existing with large predatory mammals, such as the conspecific Hyaenodon and Dinictis, with which it probably shared an apex-predator role in its environment.
Bisterne is a hamlet in the civil parish of Ringwood in the New Forest National Park in Hampshire, England.
Its nearest town is Ringwood, which lies  to the north.
It was possessed by the sons of Godric Malf in 1086, who had himself possessed it prior to 1066.
The place was known as Bettesthorne in the 13th century, and gave its name to its early lords, the Bettesthorne family, who also owned lands in Minstead.
In the 15th century it passed by inheritance to the Berkeley family, and in the 16th century to the Compton family.
In 1792, John Compton sold the manor to William Mills and the manor house subsequently remained in the Mills family.
The church of Saint Paul, Bisterne, was built in 1842 of brick with stone dressings.
It consists of a nave of five bays, aisles, north porch and tower with spire containing one bell.
It was situated to the east of the B3347 road between Bisterne and Kingston, It was used by the United States Army Air Forces as a fighter airfield.
It was closed in the late summer of 1944.
Today the site is covered by fields.
The local tradition is that a dragon had his den at Burley Beacon, about  east of Bisterne, at Burley.
There are several versions of the tale, one being that the creature "flew" every morning to Bisterne, where it would be supplied with milk.
In order to kill the dragon, a valiant knight (usually named Berkeley) built a hide, and with two dogs lay in wait.
The creature came as usual one morning for its milk, and when the hut door was opened the dogs attacked it, and while thus engaged the knight took the dragon by surprise, the dogs dying in the affray.
The fight raged throughout the forest, with the dragon finally dying outside Lyndhurst, its corpse turning into a great hill (now known as Boltons Bench).
Though the knight had defeated the dragon he had been mentally broken by the battle, and after thirty days and thirty nights he went back to Boltons Bench to die alone atop it, his body turning into the yew tree which can still be seen today.
Wolfsburg is a 2003 German film directed by Christian Petzold, starring Benno Fürmann, Nina Hoss and Astrid Meyerfeldt.
Jonestown, previously known as Williamsburg, is a borough in Lebanon County, Pennsylvania, United States.
It is part of the Lebanon Metropolitan Statistical Area.
The population was 1,905 at the 2010 census.
According to the United States Census Bureau, the borough has a total area of , all of it land.
The racial makeup of the borough was 89.9% White, 1.8% Black, 1.0% Asian, 0.4% from some other race and 1.3% from two or more races.
5.6% were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
As of the census of 2000, there were 1,028 people, 402 households, and 272 families living in the borough.
The population density was 1,597.0 people per square mile (620.2/km²).
There were 418 housing units at an average density of 649.4 per square mile (252.2/km²).
The racial makeup of the borough was 97.67% White, 1.26% African American, 0.19% Native American, 0.19% Asian, 0.58% from other races, and 0.10% from two or more races.
Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.85% of the population.
There were 402 households, out of which 34.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.5% were married couples living together, 12.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.1% were non-families.
28.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.
The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 3.12.
In the borough the population was spread out, with 27.2% under the age of 18, 8.0% from 18 to 24, 31.9% from 25 to 44, 21.3% from 45 to 64, and 11.6% who were 65 years of age or older.
The median age was 35 years.
For every 100 females there were 107.3 males.
For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 98.9 males.
The median income for a household in the borough was $36,000, and the median income for a family was $45,208.
Males had a median income of $30,700 versus $20,724 for females.
The per capita income for the borough was $15,322.
About 6.9% of families and 9.7% of the population were below the poverty line, including 14.8% of those under age 18 and 6.5% of those age 65 or over.
Tobais Palmer (born February 20, 1990) is an American football wide receiver who is currently a free agent.
He played college football at North Carolina State.
He was a two-time offensive player of the year in his conference.
He earned the Chatham County male athlete of the year award while attending Northwood High School.
He is also the new leading All-Purpose leader in the ACC.
He also played at the Georgia Military College.
He was released on August 30 and signed to the team's practice squad on September 1.
On September 28, he was promoted to the active roster.
He was released on September 30 and signed to the practice squad the next day.
He was released from the practice squad on October 8.
On May 21, 2014, he was waived-injured by the Chargers.
On August 25, 2014, Palmer was released from the New Orleans Saints.
On September 4, 2015, he was released by the Bills.
On May 11, 2016 palmer was released by the Steelers.
On August 9, 2016, the Panthers waived/injured Palmer.
He reverted to injured reserve on August 10, 2016.
He was waived with an injury settlement on August 16, 2016.
He was released by the Alouettes on May 28, 2017.
He was released by the Argonauts on May 26, 2018.
He was placed on injured reserve on April 1, 2019.
The league ceased operations in April 2019.
René Roels (born 3 September 1937, in Sint-Niklaas, Oost-Vlaanderen) is a Belgian sprint canoer who competed in the mid-1960s.
At the 1964 Summer Olympics, he was eliminated in the semifinals of the K-2 1000 m event while withdrawing prior to the heats of the K-1 1000 m event.
Margaret Matzenauer (sometimes spelled Margarete Matzenauer or Margarethe Matzenaur) (1 June 1881 – 19 May 1963) was a mezzo-soprano singer with an opulent timbre and a wide range to her voice.
She performed key works from both the Italian and German operatic repertoires in Europe and the United States.
Her father Ludwig was a conductor, her mother an opera singer.
She considered herself Hungarian although she had Germanic blood and the place of her birth is now in western Romania.
She was of Jewish descent.
She studied opera in Graz and Berlin, making her operatic debut in 1901 as Puck in Weber's Oberon.
She began singing major roles such as Azucena in Il trovatore, Carmen, Mignon, Waltraute and Erda in the Ring operas and Ortrud in Lohengrin.
She first achieved fame in Europe as a contralto and mezzo-soprano, and she was engaged to appear at the 1911 Bayreuth Festival.
She was tempted to tackle soprano parts as well but this expansion upwards of her repertoire did not prove to be an unqualified success due to limitations with her highest notes.
Matzenauer made her debut (as a mezzo) at the New York Metropolitan Opera in Aida on 13 November 1911, singing Amneris on opening night with a cast that also featured Emmy Destinn as Aida and Enrico Caruso as Radamès, with Arturo Toscanini on the podium.
A few days later she displayed her versatility by appearing in Wagner's Tristan und Isolde.
In 1911, she married one of her Met colleagues, the fine Italian-born dramatic tenor Edoardo Ferrari-Fontana (1878-1936).
Consequently, she acquired automatic Italian citizenship.
The marriage ended in divorce in 1917.
She had a photographic memory, too, and she saved the day for the Met's management on 1 January 1912 when, with only a few days' notice, she appeared as Kundry in the opera Parsifal, a highly demanding role that she had not sung before.
Matzenauer remained at the Met for a total of 19 seasons, delivering a wide variety of roles including Eboli in the first Met production of Don Carlos (1920), Santuzza, Marina in Boris Godunov, Leonore in Fidelio and Brünnhilde in Die Walküre.
She gave her farewell Met performance on 17 February 1930 as Amneris, but she continued singing opera elsewhere and giving concerts.
In 1924, she appeared at the Royal Albert Hall, London at a Special Sunday concert with pianist Solito de Solis.
In 1936, she played the part of Madame Pomponi in the Columbia Pictures production of Mr.
Deeds Goes to Town.
Matzenauer also took up teaching; two of her pupils were mezzo-sopranos Blanche Thebom and Nell Tangeman.
Her last stage appearance was in a Broadway comedy, Vicki, in 1942.
Tenor Giacomo Lauri Volpi mentioned her in his Voci parallele as one of the only three real contraltos he had chanced to meet throughout his career (the others being Gabriella Besanzoni and Matilde Blanco Sadun).
She died in 1963 at the Sherman Way Convalescent Hospital in Van Nuys, California.
Matzenauer made a sizeable number of 78-rpm recordings, many of which are available on CD reissues.
Crosstalk: The Best of Moby Grape is a 2004 compilation album by Moby Grape, released by Sony International.
It was released at a time when the legal status of ownership of Moby Grape recordings was uncertain.
CUG triplet repeat, RNA binding protein 1, also known as CUGBP1, is a protein which in humans is encoded by the CUGBP1 gene.
Members of this protein family regulate pre-mRNA alternative splicing and may also be involved in mRNA editing, and translation.
This gene may play a role in myotonic dystrophy type 1 (DM1) via interactions with the dystrophia myotonica-protein kinase (DMPK) gene.
Alternative splicing results in multiple transcript variants encoding different isoforms.
A number of such elements have been called AU-rich elements (AREs).
It is now known that AREs are binding sites for RNA-binding proteins that target mRNAs to rapid degradation.
However, only few of the proteins reported to bind AREs were demonstrated to play a role in mRNA degradation.
A shared feature of these proteins is to bind only to a subclass of the known AREs that contain the pentamer AUUUA.
A convergent effort of several research teams now adds CUGBP1 (CUG binding protein 1) to the short list of ARE-Binding proteins that control mRNA stability, with the peculiarity that it binds to non-AUUUA AREs.
CUGBP1 has been involved both as a key regulator of human myotonic dystrophy 1 (DM1) and more recently as a regulator of human papilloma virus mRNA expression.
Evidence for CUGBP1 acting as a RNA degradation factor came first from the Xenopus model.
Xenopus CUGBP1 (xCUGBP1, formerly known as EDEN-BP) was identified in 1998 for its ability to bind specifically to a GU-rich element (Embryonic deadenylation element EDEN) located in the 3'UTRs of some mRNAs that are rapidly deadenylated and translationally repressed after fertilization in early development.
Because deadenylation is often the rate limiting step of mRNA degradation the enhancement of deadenylation increases mRNA turnover.
Human CUGBP1 (hCUGBP1) had been previously identified by Timchenko and colleagues for its ability to bind to CUG repeats located in the DMPK 3'UTR.
A large amount of work has since described the role of hCUGBP1 on control of alternative splicing and will not be discussed here.
The demonstration that hCUGBP1 is involved in the control of mRNA deadenylation and instability like xCUGBP1 came next.
In mammalian cell extract as well as in xenopus egg extracts, depletion and rescue experiments showed that specific binding of CUGBP1 to the 3'UTR of mRNA is required for the targeted specific deadenylation to occur.
In rescue experiments in xenopus egg extracts, the recombinant human protein can replace the xenopus one making them functional homolog.
Furthermore, the Poly(A) ribonuclease PARN was shown to interact with CUGBP1.
In human cells, tethering of hCUGBP1 to a mRNA decreases its steadystate suggesting the destabilization of the mRNA.
The first human mRNA reported to be targeted to rapid deadenylation and degradation by CUGBP1 is the oncogene c-jun.
Years ago, it was shown that the class III ARE (devoid of any AUUUA motif) of the human c-jun oncogene directed rapid deadenylation and degradation to a reporter mRNA.
Both xCUGBP1 and hCUGBP1 were shown to specifically bind to c-jun ARE.
The binding of CUGBP1 to the 3'UTR of mRNAs bearing GU-rich element would target these mRNAs for rapid deadenylation by PARN and subsequent degradation.
This was recently demonstrated by siRNA-mediated knockdown of hCUGBP1 that led to stabilization of a reporter RNA bearing the c-jun UG -rich ARE.
UGU(G/A) tetranucleotides are key determinants of the binding site for xCUGBP1.
A SELEX  approach for the identification of artificial substrate of hCUGBP1 led to the proposition that UGU containing sequences were highly favoured for binding.
to propose a 15 nt motif as a key determinant of CUGBP1 binding.
Such a motif is found in a number of unstable mRNAs in human cells suggesting that they are degraded by a CUGBP1 deadenylation dependent pathway.
Kidan habesha (alt.
ije tebab) is a clothing style from [habesha name="Dresser2011"></ref> It comprises a white shirt and pants.
Then a thin, gauze-like, fabric is wrapped around the shoulders and chest.
Sometimes, men take the extra material and wrap it around their waist making a skirt on top of their pants, then wrap it around their shoulders.
This kind of clothing is worn with intricately designed stick and white shoes.
It is mostly worn at weddings and cultural events.
Category:Eritrean clothing
Delano is a neighborhood in Wichita, Kansas, United States.
A mixed commercial and residential area on the west bank of the Arkansas River, it is home to Friends University, Lawrence–Dumont Stadium, and Exploration Place, the Sedgwick County science museum.
These settlers named their new community Elgin.
In 1870, Elgin became a cattle shipment point on the Chisholm Trail and began to grow.
In March 1871, local residents renamed the town Delano after Columbus Delano, Secretary of the Interior under President Ulysses S. Grant.
Hotels, saloons, and other new businesses opened over the next two years along with a post office and a toll bridge across the river to Wichita.
Unlike Wichita, Delano had no law enforcement.
As a result, it became an area center of drinking, gambling, and prostitution for cowboys working in the cattle trade.
Gunfights occurred as well, including a fatal and locally famous incident between two saloon keepers in 1873.
In the late 1870s, the cattle trade relocated west to Dodge City, and Delano’s period as a rowdy cowtown ended.
Wichita annexed Delano in 1880, and it became locally known as West Wichita.
An economic boom a few years later triggered residential development.
Streets in the neighborhood were named after prominent settlers.
New businesses opened as well, including a watch factory.
Garfield University, later repurposed as Friends University, opened in Delano in 1887.
By the end of the decade, however, the city had entered an economic recession, and many locals went bankrupt.
Development returned in the early 1900s with renewed growth in manufacturing and the oil industry.
In the 1920s, Wichita became a center of aircraft manufacturing, and several companies opened facilities in Delano.
These included Travel Air in 1925 and Cessna in 1927 as well as smaller companies such as the Wichita Blue Streak Motor Company, Hilton Aircraft, and Yunker Aircraft Company.
By the 1930s, the majority of Delano consisted of modest residential property built during the preceding three decades.
In the early 1930s, the Ackerman Island sandbar located in the middle of the Arkansas River was moved westward to become the west bank of the current river.
The former baseball stadium on Ackerman Island was razed, so a new baseball field was built, Lawrence Athletic Field, later Lawrence–Dumont Stadium, which opened in Delano in 1934.
That same year, the city government had the Ben F. McLean Memorial Fountain built in the neighborhood to commemorate McLean, a former mayor.
In the 1950s and 60s, businesses and retailers began to leave the neighborhood since the aircraft industry relocated elsewhere in the city.
By the 1990s, the area had entered a period of modest decline.
In 1999 and 2000, neighborhood organizations and the city government collaborated to develop and implement a revitalization plan, including infrastructure investment and new business development.
Since, Delano’s business district has become a booming local shopping and entertainment area marketed as the Historic Delano District.
The Arkansas River forms its northern and eastern boundary, U.S. Route 54 its southern boundary, and Meridian Avenue its western boundary.
Located across the river west from Downtown Wichita, Delano borders the neighborhoods of McCormick to the south and Sunflower to the west, while Riverside lies across the river to the north.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Wichita oversees one Catholic elementary school in the neighborhood, St. Joseph School.
Northfield School of the Liberal Arts is located in Delano.
It teaches sixth through twelfth grades.
Delano Park is a small park on the west bank of the Arkansas River at the intersection of McLean Boulevard and Douglas Avenue.
It is the site of a historical marker marking the location of the Chisholm Trail as well as a lighted fountain built in honor of Ben F. McLean, a former mayor of Wichita.
Seneca Park, a  neighborhood park on South Seneca Street, has tennis courts and a playground.
The  West Side Athletic Field on North McLean Boulevard includes tennis courts and baseball fields available for public use.
Other arterial roads include: Maple Street, which runs east-west a few blocks south of Douglas; Meridian Avenue, which runs north-south along the western edge of the neighborhood; and McLean Boulevard, which runs along the west bank of the Arkansas River.
U.S. Route 54 runs east-west along the southern edge of the neighborhood as the Kellogg Avenue freeway, accessible via interchanges at Sycamore Street, Seneca, and Meridian.
Several Wichita Transit bus routes service Delano including the 11, 12, 14, and 15 routes.
The Delano/Old Town and Douglas routes of the free Q-Line trolley also service the neighborhood.
Kansas and Oklahoma Railroad operates a freight rail line which enters Delano from the northwest and exits to the southwest.
Hugh Alexander Law (28 Jul 1872 – 1 April 1943) was an Irish nationalist politician.
He represented constituencies in County Donegal as a Member of Parliament (MP) in the United Kingdom House of Commons and later as a Teachta Dála (TD) in Dáil Éireann.
A barrister, Law was the second son of Hugh Law, who had been Lord Chancellor of Ireland from 1881 to 1883, and was educated in England at Wixenford School.
He was returned as an Irish Parliamentary Party member of the Westminster parliament for Donegal West at an unopposed by-election in April 1902, and was unopposed at successive general elections until he stood down at the 1918 general election, when the seat was won by Joseph Sweeney of Sinn Féin.
At the 1923 Irish general election he was an unsuccessful Farmers' Party candidate for the 5th Dáil in the Donegal constituency.
He stood again as a Cumann na nGaedheal candidate at the June 1927 general election and was elected to the 6th Dáil.
Law was re-elected at the September 1927 general election, but lost his seat at the 1932 general election, and did not stand again.
Neil Pasricha (born September 17, 1979) is a Canadian author, entrepreneur, podcaster, and public speaker characterized by his advocacy of positivity and simple pleasures.
He is best known for his The Book of Awesome series, and "The Happiness Equation" which are international bestsellers.
He is also an established speaker and his TEDx talk, "The 3 A's of Awesome", is ranked as the ninth most inspiring TEDx talk with over 3 million views to date.
In total, he has sold over 1 million books.
The book and TED talk are based on Pasricha's popular blog, 1000 Awesome Things.
The blog has won three Webby Awards and ranked in PC Magazines list of top blogs and websites in 2009 and 2010.
Pasricha is frequently sought out by media outlets as an expert on the topics of positivity and leadership.
Pasricha is also a recipient for the 2018 Canada's 40 under 40 award.
His mother is from Nairobi, Kenya; his father is from Amritsar, India, and he has one sister.
Pasricha says much of his wonder for the world comes from his immigrant parents and their perspective on seeing everything for the first time in Canada.
In his TED Talk he explains how his father would 'stare in wonder at the little stickers on all the fruits and vegetables.'
Pasricha was educated at Queen's University and Harvard University.
While there, he wrote for campus humor newspaper Golden Words which then took him to New York City to work for a humor syndicate with former Saturday Night Live and The Simpsons writers.
He says "It was a cool rush but it became draining very quickly.
I realized this could never be my full time thing."
Pasricha also holds an honorary degree of Doctor of Laws- Faculty of Education from the University of Ontario Institute of Technology (UOIT).
Pasricha returned to Toronto and worked in Marketing for Procter & Gamble before leaving to run a Quiznos Sub franchise and then selling his franchise to move to Boston to attend Harvard Business School.
Upon graduating, Pasricha returned to Toronto to run Leadership Development at Walmart Canada.
Pasricha left Walmart in 2016 to devote more time to the Institute for Global Happiness, an organization he founded in November 2015 to improve happiness in the workplace.
The site was billed as 'a time-ticking countdown of 1000 awesome things.
Updated every weekday.'
He said at the time of starting the site "if you flipped open the newspaper it was filled with the same stuff every day.
Polar ice caps were melting, there were pirates storming the seas, the economy was on the verge of collapse, and there were wars going on all over the world."
As a result, he created a website discussing "popping bubble wrap, snow days, and the smell of a bakery."
In later interviews, and through a series on his blog, Pasricha shared that his personal divorce and a close friend's suicide are what prompted him to begin looking for positive things in life.
In July, 2008, the popular links site Fark.com linked to post #980 Old, dangerous playground equipment which gave the blog new readership and got attention from Wired and CNN.com.
In 2009, Pasricha was approached by literary agents after his blog hit 10 million hits and won the Webby Award for "Best Blog"  and signed with Erin Malone from WME who also represents Christian Lander, author of Stuff White People Like, and Rainn Wilson, star of The Office and author of SoulPancake.
Pasricha continued publishing one awesome thing a day until #1 Anything you want it to be was posted on April 19, 2012.
The Book of Awesome is a #1 international bestseller, New York Times bestseller, and Globe and Mail bestseller.
Pasricha wrote The Book of Awesome while attempting to get over his divorce and close friend's suicide.
His frustration with the 'gloom and doom' in the news caused him to expand on simple pleasures of life through new written essays complementing existing material from his blog.
Before release, Pasricha was known only through his blog, but The Book of Awesome hit #2 on the Globe and Mail bestseller list in his first week and was selected as a Heather's Pick in Canada.
The book received both positive and negative reviews.
The Vancouver Sun said it was like "a snappy Jerry Seinfeld monologue by way of Maria Von Trapp", Publisher's Weekly said "Pasricha emerges a committed but inviting optimist, combating life's unending stream of bad news by identifying opportunities to share a universal high five with humanity" while Macleans wrote that Pasricha was "partly to blame for turning 'awesome' into the exuberant adjective of our time' and The Toronto Star wrote that Neil Pasricha "helped destroy language through linguistic bleaching."
The Book of Awesome has spent over 130 weeks on The Globe and Mail bestseller list and was the #1 Globe and Mail non-fiction book of the year for 2010 and 2011.
The Book of (Even More) Awesome is a #1 international bestseller and a Globe and Mail bestseller and was published in 2011 as the sequel to The Book of Awesome.
The Book of (Holiday) Awesome is a national bestseller.
It is a smaller gift book featuring awesome things about holidays such as Christmas, Hannukah, Diwali, Halloween, Mother's Day, etc.
The beach theme was inspired by a meditation like experience on the beach while honeymooning.
The super-realistic images in the book were created by a professional Visual Effects studio using a process that composites many images into one image.
The Happiness Equation is a #1 international bestseller, Toronto Star bestseller, and Globe and Mail bestseller.
Pasricha was returning from his honeymoon in Asia when his wife took a pregnancy test in the airplane bathroom and told him on the plane that she was pregnant.
Upon landing, he began writing a letter to his unborn child on how to live a happy life, which evolved into the book.
This audio book is subtitled "A Memoir of Failure & Resilience" and was published as an exclusive title to the Amazon audiobook brand of Audible.
Neil performed the recording for the book with a minor cameo by his father.
The book is a collection of stories highlighting both the highs and lows in his attempt to find his way in the world.
It is a candid look at his early family life and the experiences that helped shaped his view of the world.
The running theme is that success comes from not focusing on failures, but to continue moving forward.
The primary tagline for the book is: "We all fail.
We all fall.
We all need to know how to get back up."
As of October 31, 2018, the audio book "How to Get Back Up" has a 4.45/5 rating from the social cataloging site Good Reads.
The podcast publishes on the lunar calendar and is stated to be uncovering the 1000 most formative books over 333 consecutive new moons and full moons from March 31, 2018 to September 1, 2031.
The organization shares resources such as workshops, videos, and speeches with the goal of making happiness accessible.
Pasricha says the organization focuses on happiness at work specifically because 'aggregate data from 150,000 people showed the place we're spending most of our time is also the place we're the least happy—which is work."
He worked at Walmart Canada in the field of leadership.
France 3 Bourgogne is one of France 3's regional services broadcasting to people in the Burgundy region.It was founded in 1965 as  FR3 Bourgogne Franche-Comté.The service is headquartered in Dijon,the city of the region.The channel is available in French and Burgundian audio tracks.France 3 Bourgogne also produces content as well.
Arnold Mikelson (1922-1984) was a Latvian artist who specialized in wood carvings.
Starting in 1947, he was chief designer for Royal Crown Derby Porcelain of England, before working as an architectural draftsman for a number of years.
In the late 1960s, he took up carving full-time.
Mikelson's work includes the design of the Mind and Matter Gallery in White Rock, British Columbia.
He had commissions from the forestry giant MacMillan Bloedel (now Weyerhaeuser Canada), the Province of British Columbia and the City of Surrey.
He was the son of a cabinetmaker.
At the age of four, a visiting aunt noticed him carving a piece of wood on his father’s workbench.
From then until the age of 16, he studied various artistic crafts.
Trained as a mechanical engineer, he retained his passion for art.
At the age of 17, Mikelson was awarded a Gold Medal in the Latvian seaport capital of Riga for his contribution to the arts there.
In 1940, during World War II, the Russians invaded Latvia.
Mikelson fled to Germany.
Over seven years in war-torn Germany, Mikelson managed around 40 employees.
These were artisans who made wooden hope chests, jewelry boxes, wooden plates and chandeliers.
Mikelson created intricate carvings.
Many churches throughout Germany contain carved chandeliers crafted by him.
Mikelson began working at the 200-year-old Royal Crown Derby Porcelain of England, hired to create three-dimensional sculptures.
Mikelson was the company’s Chief Designer.
His design leadership, including the "Chelsea Birds" now well known, helped revitalize and rebuild Royal Crown to some of its former grandeur.
His work, consisting largely of bird sculptures, remains on display in the Royal Crown Derby Museum in England.
Cameron, among his many significant achievements, was head of the Banff School of Fine Arts in the 1930s, and maintained a leadership connection with that facility over the years.
He acted as its head during his time as a Senator, and he kept that position until 1969.
The Banff School was world-famous even in 1954, and Cameron didn’t hesitate when he approached Mikelson and offered him a management and teaching position in the facility that sits in the Tunnel Mountain in Banff National Park.
Mikelson accepted Senator Cameron’s offer and immigrated to Canada.
However, when he travelled to Banff and saw the school, the finest in Canada with an international reputation, Mikelson turned down the opportunity, as the Banff facility was considered by European standards to be tiny and insignificant.
Mikelson had no way of knowing at that time that this was the best that the comparatively new country of Canada had to offer, and he came, over time, to regret the decision he had made when he walked away from Senator Cameron’s offer.
Mikelson went to work as an architectural draftsman.
He designed many schools, hospitals, and residential buildings throughout that province and British Columbia.
In 1956, he carved moulds of the Canadian coat of arms for use in Alberta courtrooms.
After 11 years on the Prairies, Mikelson decided to leave Alberta for British Columbia, with his new wife Mary.
In 1965 they settled in the Lower Mainland of British Columbia, where Arnold designed and built The Mind and Matter Gallery.
"Roadrunner", a roadrunner attacking a rattlesnake was one of the pieces, depicting the state bird of New Mexico.
The "Mockingbirds", the state bird of Texas, along with "Inspiration", a seven-foot angel completed the set.
Today these works are on permanent display at the Amy Graves Ryan Center of Fine Arts in Abilene.
Exhibitions featuring his work were held at the British Columbia Provincial Museum, and at locations all across Canada.
In 1976 on the grounds of the Canadian National Exhibition in Toronto, he was invited to participate by the International Carvers Association with 1,500 entrants from all over the world.
Mikelson’s work won in 11 out of 15 categories, he was given the Gold and Silver Medals for his accomplishment, and he was invited back the next year as a judge for the International Carvers Exhibition.
Mikelson died February 9, 2014 while recovering from open-heart surgery.
After designing the sculpture, he roughly formed it with a bandsaw, laminated the parts, and then finished with a grinder, sandpaper, and varnish.
For larger sculptures he worked on the components prior to gluing them together without clamps.
He produced about 250 pieces each year.
Aziz Kandi (, also Romanized as ‘Azīz Kandī) is a village in Qaranqu Rural District, in the Central District of Hashtrud County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.
At the 2006 census, its population was 314, in 67 families.
Margalita "Maka" Chakhnashvili-Ranzinger (, ; born 9 December 1982) is a Georgian former tennis player.
Chakhnashvili-Ranzinger won ten singles and five doubles titles on the ITF Women's Circuit.
On 30 July 2007, she reached her best singles ranking of world No.
134.
On 15 June 2009, she peaked at No.
149 in the doubles rankings.
She achieved a 30–27 record for Georgia in Fed Cup competitions.
Chakhnashvili-Ranzinger was given a wild card to represent Georgia at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the women's doubles draw.
She teamed up with Anna Tatishvili, but lost in the first round.
The Farm Credit System Insurance Corporation (FCSIC) is an entity of the Farm Credit System (FCS), established by the Agricultural Credit Act of 1987, to insure the timely repayment of principal and interest on FCS debt securities.
The Ryūkyū scops-owl or elegant scops-owl (Otus elegans) is a small rufous-brown owl with a brown face disk and a cinnamon facial ruff.
The bill is olive-grey and it has yellow eyes.
It is becoming rare due to habitat loss.
Nimba Football Club is a Professional football club based in Ganta, Nimba County, Liberia.
Mogoditshane Fighters are a football (soccer) club from the Mogoditshane in Botswana.
The club's nickname is "The Brazilians".
Monochamus rubigineus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
It was described by Léon Fairmaire in 1892.
Henicopsaltria danielsi, commonly known as the McIvor River grinder, is a large species of cicada found near Cooktown in northeastern Australia.
Henri Atamaniuk (born 28 October 1944) is a French football manager and former midfielder.
On 8 November 2013 he was hired as manager of FC Lausanne-Sport by the new technical director of the club, Marco Simone.
Royal Oak Mines Incorporated was a gold mining company, founded in 1990 by Margaret "Peggy" Witte (now known as Margaret Kent) in Kirkland, Washington.
The company held numerous gold and base metal properties in Canada, including the Giant Mine in the Northwest Territories, Pamour Mine in Ontario, Hope Brook Mine in Newfoundland, Colomac Mine in the Northwest Territories, and the Kemess Mine in British Columbia.
The company also had significant interests in minerals in China through Asia Materials (44% share) and Highwood Resources (39% share).
The company reported nearly US$600 million in assets, and loss of $4.4 million on revenues of US$187 million for fiscal 1996.
Its Hopebrook and Colomac mines were closed in 1997.
Low gold prices of 1997-1998 caused Royal Oak to go bankrupt in April 1999, and its mining assets were liquidated.
The declining price of gold led to Witte demanding pay cuts, which the Canadian Association of Smelter and Allied Workers union (CASAW) Local 4 refused, arguing that the company was also lax on safety.
The company locked out the union and flew in strikebreakers .
On September 18, 1992, at the height of the labour dispute, an explosion in a drift of the mine, 750 ft (230 m) underground, killed nine strikebreakers/replacement workers riding in a man-car.
For 13 months after the blast, the RCMP interrogated hundreds of strikers, their families, and supporters, wiretapping their telephones and searching their houses.
Owner Margaret Witte said that there would be no negotiations with the union unless an arrest was made.
In 2004, he blamed Royal Oak Mines, the security company, and his union.
He argued that a simple screen and padlock over a broken window would have dissuaded him, and that he was only capable of the bombing because replacement workers had been "dehumanized" by his union.
CAW members Al Shearing and Tim Bettger were sentenced to two and a half and three years in prison, respectively.
Both were convicted of painting anti-strikebreaker graffiti and setting an explosion in a ventilation shaft on June 29, 1992.
Bettger was sentenced to six more months in prison for blowing a hole in a television satellite dish Sept. 1 of that year.
The compensation board had already paid out a similar amount of funds to the deceased miners' families.
At trial, the Supreme Court of the Northwest Territories found the defendants liable.
Pinkerton security was held responsible for 15% of damages, for failing to adequately secure the mine.
The Canadian Auto Workers (CAW) was found to have breached its duty of care by doing nothing to stop illegal acts during the strike, paying fines and legal fees for striking miners, providing a person to assist the striking union who prolonged the strike, and failing to bargain in good faith.
The court ruled that the cumulative effect of these breaches of the duty of care were found to have materially contributed to Roger Warren's bombing of the mine.
(The unionized miners were part of Local 4 at the time of the strike, and merged into the CAW on May 1994.)
The company was found to be 23% responsible for the damages assessed, as they maintained mine operations during the strike, refused to bargain in good faith, and for failing to ensure the safety of the replacement workers.
On appeal to the Court of Appeal for the Northwest Territories, the trial decision was overturned and the defendants were found to not owe the plaintiffs a duty of care.
A further appeal to the Supreme Court of Canada was heard in May 2009.
In February 2010 the appeal was dismissed.
The Court found that although the security firm and the government owed a duty of care to the replacement workers, that duty was not breached.
The Canada Labour Relations Board intervened several times during the bargaining process and eventually forced Royal Oak Mines to return to the negotiation table with a previously withdrawn proposal.
Royal Oak Mines sought judicial review of this order, with the dispute winding its way through the court system during the first half of the 1990s.
This set the stage for significant changes in Canadian labour law as evident in the Supreme Court's 1996 decision in Royal Oak Mines v. Canada (Labour Relations Board), [1996] 1 S.C.R.
369.
In his majority decision Mister Justice Peter Cory formulated a distinction between the subjective and objective aspects of the duty to bargain.
A 'good faith' requirement forms the subjective aspect of this duty, while a requirement to 'make every reasonable effort' to conclude a collective agreement injects an objective standard into the analysis.
In this decision Royal Oak Mines was compelled to return to the bargaining table on the basis that its refusal to discuss grievance arbitration with the Canadian Association of Smelter and Allied Workers, Local No.
4, constituted an unreasonable limitation on the bargaining process and thereby represented a lack of good faith.
In coming to this conclusion the Court observed that grievance arbitration for dismissed employees was a nearly universal characteristic of collective agreements in Canada.
Helmut Brasch (1912–1987) was a German film, television actor and cabaret singer.
In 1945 he sang Child of the Ruins (), which describes some facets of Berlin society.
He played S.S. Man Scharf in Divina-Film Nachts, wenn der Teufel kam (1957), by Robert Siodmak.
He played mayor along Rolf Becker and Hannes Fuchs in Ich liebe dich, ich töte dich (1971).
McFarland, 2012.
TVP Sport is a Polish sport channel owned by TVP launched on 18 November 2006.
The channel is available on n, Cyfra+, Cyfrowy Polsat, as well as over cable providers.
Mining in Egypt has had a long history that goes back to predynastic times.
Egypt has substantial mineral resources, including 48 million tons of tantalite (fourth largest in the world), 50 million tons of coal, and an estimated 6.7 million ounces of gold in the Eastern Desert.
The total real value of minerals mined was about £E102 million (US$18.7 million) in 1986, up from £E60 million (US$11 million) in 1981.
The chief minerals in terms of volume output were iron ore, phosphates, and salt.
The quantities produced in 1986 were estimated at 2,048, 1,310, and 1,233 tons, respectively, compared with 2,139, 691, and 883 tons in 1981.
In addition, minor amounts of asbestos (313 tons) and quartz (19 tons) were mined in 1986.
Preliminary exploration in Sinai indicated the presence of zinc, tin, lead, and copper deposits.
Private sector exploration and exploitation activities so far have been limited.
Only recently, AngloGold Ashanti with its joint Venture Partner Thani Dubai and a Canadian listed exploration company, Alexander Nubia International have been undertaking exploration in Egypt's Eastern Desert with some success.
Centamin Ltd., a mineral exploration company founded in Australia, started a massive mining project in Sukari Hill.
Gold mining started with alluvial workings in Egypt and was followed by shallow underground vein mining in Nubia about 1300 BCE, during the New Kingdom period.
The methods of working included fire-setting to weaken rocks by thermal shock, a method described by Diodorus Siculus in his Bibliotheca historica written about 60 BCE.
The technique of quarrying granite and limestone was an advanced technology by the time the pyramids were being built.
Marble, alabaster and diorite were used for making statues, basalt for making sarcophagi, and dolomite for hammers to work hard stones.
Precious and semi-precious stones that were extensively mined and worked as well included turquoise, beryl, amethyst, lapis lazuli and malachite.
Hathor was the miner's patron goddess, and her temples, statues or inscriptions were found in many rediscovered mining locations.
A major temple to Hathor constructed by Seti II was found at the copper mines in Timna valley; another temple was discovered in Serabit el-Khadim, where turquoise was mined in antiquity, in an expedition led by Sir Flinders Petrie.
Egypt became a major gold-producer during the Old Kingdom and remained so in the next 1,500 years, with interruptions when the kingdom broke down.
During the New Kingdom, the production of gold steadily increased, and mining became more intensive as new fields were developed.
British historian Paul Johnson says that it was gold rather than military power which sustained the Egyptian empire and made it the world power throughout the third quarter of the second millennium BCE.
Most gold mines known today in Egypt have been exploited for high-grade gold (15 g/t gold or greater) by the ancient Egyptians., however there has been limited exploration that applies modern day techniques where deposits can be viable based on gold grades as low as 0.5 g/t (provided there is sufficient tonnage and readily available infrastructure).
The earliest known beryl mine in the world is located in the mountain valley of Wadi Sikait, Eastern Desert.
Its mining started during the Ptolemaic period, although most of mining activities date to the Roman and Byzantine periods.
All the other beryl mining sites such as Gebel Zabara, Wadi Umm Debaa and Wadi Gimal are Roman-Byzantine or Islamic (mid-6th century onward) in date.
Beryl mining ceased in Egypt when the Spanish Empire discovered superior-quality emeralds in Colombia in the 16th century.
Ancient gold miners in Egypt were only targeting the smoky quartz veins that contain large amounts of gold; however, they left the alteration areas untouched.
Remote sensing and geophysical techniques can provide cost-effective tools that can give valuable information about the new mineralization sites.
Previously, such mapping works had utilized standard remote-sensing techniques such as image rationing, principal component analysis, and image classifications.
Recent study implemented the Spectral Angle Mapper (SAM) classification, surface structure, aeromagnetic data, and the Multiple Criteria Decision Analysis (MCDA) to aid for better mapping results of the prospective mineralized alterations in CED .
For instances, Spectral Angle Mapper (SAM) classification is one of the powerful classification techniques that can be integrated with aeromagnetic data to map the potential gold sites associated within the alteration zone in CED.
The United States Geological Survey (USGS) spectral signature data for alteration minerals can be used as an end-member for the SAM classification.
To aid in better mapping, the SAM result can be constrained by the structural elements that restrict the mapping to the actual alteration sites.
The surface lineation layer from digital remote sensing data and the geophysical information such as total magnetic intensities can be deployed to understand the tectonic regimes in the CED and to detect the structural patterns that control the existence of the gold deposits.
LIU Global (formerly: Friends World College, Friends World Institute, Friends World Program, and Global College of Long Island University) is a discrete educational entity of Long Island University that offers a program that integrates a series of yearlong cultural immersions into a four-year Bachelor of Arts degree.
in Global Studies.
However, LIU Global also offers semester-long or year-long study abroad options for visiting students (approximately 20 transfer and/or visiting students are accepted per year).
All incoming freshmen are required to complete their first year of study at LIU Global's Costa Rica Center, which is based in Heredia, Costa Rica with excursions to Nicaragua and Panama.
In the second year, students participate in LIU Global's Europe Program which, in the fall, is based in Alcalá, Spain, with excursions to London and Berlin.
In the spring the Europe program is based in Florence, Italy, with excursions to Vienna, Budapest, and Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Juniors can choose to spend a year at the China Center in Hangzhou, China which offers excursions to Beijing, Shanghai, Yunnan and Sichuan Provinces in Western China; Hong Kong; and Taiwan.
They may also travel with the Asia-Pacific Australia Program to Fiji, Australia, and New Zealand in the fall and Australia and Bali in the spring.
The final year of the program begins with the International Research and Internship Semester (IRIS), an independently designed research project centered around an internship at the LIU Global Center or Program of the student's choice.
This culminates in a semester in New York City, where students complete a series of capstone experiences, a second senior-year internship, and a senior thesis.
Originally conceived as an international Quaker seminary, FWC's first campus was located on an abandoned airport, Mitchel Field, near Hempstead, NY, where the College's programs occupied unused barracks and hangars.
In the early 1970s, the College acquired the Dickinson estate in Lloyd Harbor, New York through a bequest, and by 1974, it had relocated its North American center there, and in accordance with its vision for international education, had established satellite campuses in England, Kenya, India, Guatemala and Japan.
Later, it established campuses in Costa Rica, Israel, and China.
In order that its students might qualify for federally-guaranteed student loans and other Federal programs, the College dropped its formal Quaker affiliation in the mid-1970s and became nominally non-sectarian.
However, the President at that time, Dr. George Watson, had already established a Quaker meeting on campus, and this remained until shortly before the College merged with Long Island University.
By the mid- to late-1980s, the College had encountered financial difficulties, and the sudden failure of its Israel program, plus the loss of a US student to malaria in Kenya, helped bring about the Trustees' decision to accept an offer for merger from LIU.
In the Fall of 2005, the program moved to LIU's Brooklyn Campus; thus the New York City Center was established.
During this period the name 'Friends' was dropped, and the College became known as 'Global Studies LIU'.
In March 2007, the name Global College was adopted.
In January 2012, LIU launched an institution-wide 're-branding campaign', and Global College became LIU Global.
Around 70-90 students are currently enrolled at their centers and program sites worldwide.
Kaluwa Dewage Udeshika Prabodhani (born 20 September 1985) is a Sri Lankan cricketer.
In October 2018, she was named in Sri Lanka's squad for the 2018 ICC Women's World Twenty20 tournament in the West Indies.
She was the joint-leading wicket-taker for Sri Lanka in the tournament, with four dismissals in three matches.
In January 2020, she was named in Sri Lanka's squad for the 2020 ICC Women's T20 World Cup in Australia.
Fisher, Bendeck, Potter, now known as Fisher Potter Hodas is an American law firm based in West Palm Beach, Florida.
Founding partner Jeffrey Fisher has been named one of the nation's top 10 divorce attorneys by Worth magazine, and the firm has represented clients in the divorces of several billionaires, CEOs and major sports figures.
After clerking with United States District Court Judge Eugene P. Spellman, he went to work as a federal prosecutor at the United States Attorney’s Office for the Southern District of Florida.
Fisher handled cases involving drug smuggling, weapons violations, counterfeiting and money laundering for the government from 1982 until late 1985.
In 1986, Fisher opened the Florida office of Boston based law firm Friedman & Atherton, where he was the managing partner and a protege of Boston litigator Joel A. Kozol, the Harvard Law Review editor.
Fisher moved into divorce law in 1991, representing Nancy Bernard in her divorce from New York Yankees part-owner Jack Satter.
Zachary Potter, a former corporate litigator at Holland & Knight and a graduate of Princeton University and Yale Law School, joined in 2011.
Potter has won awards in the Palm Beach area for his fundraising on behalf of the Leukemia and Lymphoma Society.
On January 1, 2018, Fisher and Potter joined practices with the law office of Benjamin T. Hodas and became Fisher, Potter, & Hodas, PLLC.
Fisher began his career in divorce law by representing Nancy Bernard in her divorce from New York Yankees part-owner Jack Satter; the case was described by one law journal article as "the most high-profile Yankee divorce case".
The firm's other clients have included professional golfer Greg Norman, the ex-husband of tennis star Chris Evert; Lisa Leder, ex-wife of Sun Capital founder Marc J. Leder; Angela Koch, ex-wife of billionaire America's Cup winner Bill Koch; Brooke Sealey, ex-wife of NASCAR racer Jeff Gordon; Richard Bailey, former CEO of MFS Investment Management; and Susan Markin, ex-wife of Checker Motor Corporation owner David Markin.
In 2010, the firm represented the wife of Gulf Keystone Petroleum CEO Todd Kozel in her divorce.
In 2015 and 2016, Fisher Potter Hodas represented Sarah Pursglove in her divorce from Finnish internet entrepreneur Robert Oesterlund.
Imed Louati (born 11 October 1993 in Sfax) is a Tunisian footballer who plays for Danish Superliga club Hobro IK.
On 1 September 2012, he made his senior debut in a league match against EGS Gafsa, coming on as a substitute for Fakhreddine Ben Youssef in the 82nd minute.
He was described by Philippe Troussier, who was the manager of CS Sfaxien in 2014, as a hot prospect for the future.
Hangzhou Greentown confirmed the loan deal on 28 January.
Hangzhou Greentown made the move permanent in June 2015; however, after Troussier was sacked by the club, Louati was loaned to K League Challenge side Gyeongnam FC in July 2015.
He scored three goals in five matches before he got injured and had to see the rest of the 2016-season from the stands.
The club announced that a free transfer would be announced during the training camp.
He scorede 10 league goals and became topscorer in Vejle Boldklub in the 2017/2018-season in which the club won promotion to Superligaen.
Vejle got relegated in the following season and announced on 10 July 2019, that Louati's contract had been terminated by mutual consent after playing 61 games in total for the club and scored 17 goals.
The Center for the Study of Science and Religion (CSSR) is a center inside The Earth Institute at Columbia University.
It "was founded in the summer of 1999 as a forum for the examination of issues that lie at the boundary of these two complementary ways of comprehending the world and our place in it.
By examining the intersections that cross over the boundaries between one or another science and one or another religion, the CSSR hopes to stimulate dialogue and encourage understanding."
The founder and director of CSSR is Robert Pollack, Professor of Biological Sciences and Adjunct Professor of Science and Religion at Union Theological Seminary in the City of New York and also Adjunct Professor of Religion at Columbia University.
CSSR sponsors one major symposium about every two years, and four or more guest lectures each semester.
Robert Pospíšil (born December 27, 1977) is a Czech former professional ice hockey defenceman.
Pospisil played in the Czech Extraliga for HC Pardubice between 1996 and 2000 and HC Bílí Tygři Liberec during the 2002-03 season.
He also played in the Ligue Magnus for Dauphins d'Épinal, the Polska Hokej Liga for Podhale Nowy Targ and Stoczniowiec Gdańsk and the Elite Ice Hockey League for the Basingstoke Bison.
Bunt , also spelled 'Bant' in former English usage, are a Hindu community of erstwhile nobility, feudatory and gentry from the region of Tulu Nadu in India.
El Jardí dels Ocells (Catalan for The Bird Garden, Spanish: El Jardín de los Pajaros) is a small bird park near the city of Vilafranca de Penedès, in Catalunya, Spain.
The bird park is at about 60 km.
distance from Barcelona and Tarragona and is situated about half way between these cities.
The Catalan word for birds, ocells, which is part of the name of the park, has more resemblance with the French word oiseaux than with the corresponding Spanish word pajaros.
El Jardí dels Ocells is a small British family business that aims at educating in and promoting a love of nature in general and birds in particular.
Besides that, it is involved in breeding programmes for various bird species.
The park is specialized in small birds, like small birds of song, of which several hundreds can be found in the park.
For schools, programmes are offered in Catalan, facilitating educational day trips for school children.
The park is situated in the middle of the vineyards that surround Vilafranca de Penedès, and was started in 2012 on the terrain of a former vineyard.
There is ample space between the bird cages, and there are benches near these cages, so that one can observe the birds while sitting.
It may strike visitors that the cages look a bit messy inside, this is because one tries to come close to the natural habitats of the birds.
In the year 2014, many cages had problems with windows that were damaged, because the supplier of the windows did not supply weather proof glass, which makes the observation of part of the birds more difficult.
James Woods (born 19 January 1992) is a British freestyle skier.
He won five consecutive British national championships in slopestyle between 2007 and 2011 in Laax.
He took a bronze medal at the 2011 Winter X Games Europe, and that year he scored a third place at the King of style competition in Stockholm and also placed eighth on his debut at the FIS Freestyle World Ski Championships.
In April 2012 he finished second in the slopestyle event at the World Skiing Invitational & AFP World Championships at Whistler Blackcomb.
Woods won the FIS Freestyle Skiing World Cup for slopestyle in the 2012–13 season, winning two rounds along the way.
He travelled to Sochi in January 2014 for the 2014 Winter Olympics.
However, he suffered a hip injury during a training session.
In statements following the injury, he was said to be "progressing well" and the physios' goals were to "get Woods 100%".
He competed in the slopestyle competition, where he made the final and finished in fifth.
James got a second opportunity to represent Great Britain in slopestyle at the 2018 Winter Olympics in PyeongChang, where he again qualified for the finals.
He performed well again and even finished one spot better than in 2014, but still outside the medals in fourth place.
In January 2017 he took the gold medal in the Big Air competition at the Winter X Games XXI, having finished fourth in the Games' Slopestyle contest.
He went on to take the Slopestyle bronze in the Winter X Games Europe in Hafjell in March and repeated the feat in the FIS Freestyle Ski and Snowboarding World Championships in the Spanish resort of Sierra Nevada later that month.
At the 2019 Freestyle Ski and Snowboarding World Championships in Utah, Woods took the gold medal in the slopestyle competition in poor weather, finishing ahead of Birk Ruud and Nick Goepper, who had pipped Woods to an Olympic medal on the final run of the slopestyle event in 2018.
Shortly afterwards, he announced via YouTube that he would take a break from his ski career.
The narrow shell is turriculated with acute shoulders and with the ribs strongly projecting above it and then running across to the sutures.
The ribs number about sixteen, nearly straight, prominent, crossed by very close, rather fine revolving striae.
The aperture is rather narrow.
The siphonal canal is narrow and produced.
Fossils have been found in Pliocene strata of the United Kingdom and in Quaternary of Canada and the United Kingdom.
The natural history of British shells, including figures and descriptions of all the species hitherto discovered in Great Britain, systematically arranged in the Linnean manner,with scienfific and general observations on each.
printed for the author, and F. & C: Rivington, London : vol.
1 [1800], pl.
1-36; vol.
2 [1801], pl.
37-72; vol.
3 [1801], pl.
73-108; vol.
4 [1803], pl.
109-144; vol.
5 [1804], pl.
145-180, all with unpaginated text and indexes page(s): vol.
5 pl.
American seashells.
The marine Mollusca of the Atlantic and Pacific coast of North America.
ed.
2.
Van Nostrand, New York.
Nauka, 1990.
Turgeon, D.; Quinn, J.F.
; Bogan, A.E.
; Coan, E.V.
; Hochberg, F.G.; Lyons, W.G.
; Mikkelsen, P.M.; Neves, R.J.; Roper, C.F.E.
; Rosenberg, G.; Roth, B.; Scheltema, A.; Thompson, F.G.; Vecchione, M.; Williams, J.D.
(1998).
Common and scientific names of aquatic invertebrates from the United States and Canada: mollusks.
2nd ed.
American Fisheries Society Special Publication, 26.
American Fisheries Society: Bethesda, MD (USA).
.
IX, 526 + cd-rom pp.
Howson, C. M.; Picton, B. E. (1997).
The species directory of the marine fauna and flora of the British Isles and surrounding seas.
Ulster Museum Publication, 276.
The Ulster Museum: Belfast, UK.
.
Über den Laich und die Larven von Scalaria communis (Lam.
), Nassarius pygmaeus (Lam.)
und Bela turricola (Mont.).
Mollusca.
in: Costello, M.J. et al.
(eds), European Register of Marine Species: a check-list of the marine species in Europe and a bibliography of guides to their identification.
Patrimoines Naturels.
50: 180-213.
Linkletter, L. E. (1977).
A checklist of marine fauna and flora of the Bay of Fundy.
Huntsman Marine Laboratory, St. Andrews, N.B.
(2004).
Faune et flore du littoral du Nord, du Pas-de-Calais et de la Belgique: inventaire.
[Coastal fauna and flora of the Nord, Pas-de-Calais and Belgium: inventory].
Commission Régionale de Biologie Région Nord Pas-de-Calais: France.
; Tucker Abbott, R.; Boss, K.J.
(1989).
A classification of the living Mollusca.
American Malacologists: Melbourne.
.
XII, 195 pp.
de Kluijver, M. J.; Ingalsuo, S. S.; de Bruyne, R. H. (2000).
Macrobenthos of the North Sea [CD-ROM]: 1.
Keys to Mollusca and Brachiopoda.
World Biodiversity Database CD-ROM Series.
Expert Center for Taxonomic Identification (ETI): Amsterdam, The Netherlands.
.
1 cd-rom.
"Marine shell-bearing Gastropoda of Murman (Barents Sea): an annotated check-list."
(1803).
Testacea Britannica or Natural History of British Shells, Marine, Land, and Fresh-Water, Including the Most Minute: Systematically Arranged and Embellished with Figures.
J.
White, London, Vol.
1, xxxvii + 291 pp.
and Vol.
(1891).
Les coquilles marines des côtes de France.
Annales de la Société Linnéenne de Lyon.
Revision of British Mollusca.
Annals and Magazine of Natural History.
(7) 4: 126-153.
Trott, T. J.
(2004).
Cobscook Bay inventory: a historical checklist of marine invertebrates spanning 162 years.
Northeastern Naturalist.
National Cheng Kung University (NCKU; ) is a public research university located in Tainan, Taiwan.
NCKU is one of the best comprehensive universities in Taiwan and a leader in promoting industry-academia cooperation.
It has consistently been ranked as one of the top universities in Asia.
The university is best known for engineering, computer science, medicine, and planning and design.
As a top university in Taiwan, NCKU has played a vital role in creating the Taiwan Miracle by helping Taiwan to transform from an agriculture-based society to an industrialized economy during the 1960s and 1970s, and further becoming one of the Four Asian Tigers.
To this day, NCKU has many successful alumni in various industries in Taiwan.
According to LinkedIn data, many of its graduates work in companies including TSMC, MediaTek, UMC, Applied Materials, and more.
NCKU has been taking the top spot at the Global Views Monthly (遠見雜誌) Taiwan Graduate Employability Rankings for 5 consecutive years.
In 2005, NCKU was chosen by the Ministry of Education (Taiwan) as one of the seven universities in Taiwan for the Aim for the Top University Project (邁向頂尖大學計畫), which is similar to Top Global University Project in Japan and Universities of Excellence in Germany.
Starting from 2006, because of its excellent academic performance and research potential, the Ministry of Education (Taiwan) has offered NCKU NT$1.7 billion annually for five consecutive years, which is the second highest amount received among the universities in the project.
NCKU is a founding member of Taiwan Comprehensive University System, a strategic alliance of four leading research universities in the Southern Taiwan.
The university is also a member of AACSB and IEET, and the only member from Taiwan in the Worldwide Universities Network.
After the Japanese handover of Taiwan in October 1945, the school was renamed to Taiwan Provincial Tainan Junior College of Technology in March 1946, and then to Taiwan Provincial College of Engineering in October the same year.
When the government of the Republic of China moved to Taiwan in 1949, it was one of the three existing colleges in Taiwan.
As the number of colleges expanded, it was upgraded to a provincial university in 1956 as Taiwan Provincial Cheng Kung University, named after Koxinga, a Chinese military leader who drove the Dutch East India Company from Taiwan and founded the Kingdom of Tungning.
In 1971, the university became a national university and was renamed to National Cheng Kung University.
Former Minister for Education Wu Jin served as the first president of the new National Cheng Kung University.
The main campus is situated across from the Tainan Railway Station, offering convenient transportation.
NCKU has 11 campuses occupying a total of 187 hectares of land in the greater Tainan area, including the Cheng-Kung, Sheng-Li, Kuang-Fu, Cheng-Hsin, Tzu-Chiang, Ching-Yeh, Li-Hsing, Tung-Ning, Kuei-Jen An-Nan and Dou-Liu campuses, and some areas designated for dormitory use.
On January 12, 2011, the Y. S. Sun Green Building Research Center was inaugurated.
It is the world's first green educational center as well as Taiwan's first zero carbon building.
The -facility cost NT$30 million (US$4.41 million) to construct, far below the original NT$180 million budget.
Natural ventilation, limited power usage, reduced window size, and energy efficient lighting all contribute to the building's carbon neutrality.
Academics at NCKU is organized into 9 colleges, including Liberal Arts, Sciences, Management, Engineering, Electrical Engineering & Computer Science, Social Science, Planning & Design, Bioscience & Biotechnology and Medicine, each with its own faculties, departments, and institutes offering programs up to doctoral level.
The university currently offers 42 undergraduate programs, 74 master's degree programs, 53 doctoral programs, and 17 master's degree programs for working professionals.
While most courses are taught in Mandarine Chinese, many are offered in English.
Student exchange agreements have been signed with 98 foreign partner universities including University of Southern California, Technical University of Munich, Leiden University, the University of New South Wales, Kyoto University, Seoul National University, National University of Singapore, etc.
More recently, NCKU partnered with Universiti Tunku Abdul Rahman in Malaysia.
In 2018, KU Leuven and IMEC reached dual degree agreement with NCKU.
During the same year, NCKU and Purdue University signed the agreement of collaboration for international dual degree program and online courses.
TU Darmstadt launched its liaison office in Asia at NCKU on May 21, 2019.
NCKU participates in the Taiwan International Graduate Program in Interdisciplinary Neuroscience of Academia Sinica, the national academy of Taiwan.
In 2019, the QS World University Rankings ranked NCKU 225th overall in the world, 35th in Asia, and 3rd in the nation.
According to QS World University Rankings by Subject in 2017, the NCKU ranked within the world's top 100 universities in the following fields: Electrical and Electronic Engineering, Civil and Structural Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, and Engineering and Technology.
It also ranks within the top 150 for the following programs: Computer Science and Information System, Education and Training, Materials Sciences, Architecture, Statistics and Operational Research, Art and Design, Environmental Studies, Chemical Engineering, and Social Science and Management.
The Academic Ranking of World Universities (ARWU) ranked NCKU 37th in the engineering field and 52nd in computer science in 2009.
From 2008~2011, NCKU ranked 82nd in the world according to CWTS Leiden Ranking.
In 2019, the U.S. News & World Report rankings, NCKU is the world's 98th best university for engineering.
According to the ESI database, NCKU has published 18,333 papers in the last ten years and has respectively ranked the 24th and the 51st in the list of world top 100 universities respectively in the engineering and computer science fields.
The Adams-Higgins House is a historic home in Spencer, Iowa, United States.
It is located at 1215 Grand Avenue.
The home is also referred to as the Higgins House or Higgins Mansion.
The house is architecturally unusual because it was built as a late Victorian style house in 1884, then substantially renovated in 1912 with addition of neo-classical porches and roofline.
In 1984, it was individually listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
At the time the property retained historic landscaping and a  by  playhouse from c. 1917-18.
In 2014 it was included as a contributing property in the North Grand Avenue Residential Historic District.
Adams, a local farmer, banker, and sometime Mayor.
The property was sold in 1900 to Amanda Bender, who soon sold it to Mr. and Mrs. William Higgins, newlyweds who had moved to Spencer from Chicago.
They contracted architect J. G. Ralston of Waterloo, Iowa to make the home an architectural landmark, beginning in 1910, by adding massive Neo-classical columns, adding a third floor, iron fence surround, and a kidney-shaped fish pond.
The building next to the house was originally built as the children's playhouse for the two children adopted off the Orphan Train when it passed through Spencer.
For a short period, the playhouse was used as a classroom for children attending a nearby elementary school undergoing repairs.
Mrs. Higgins died in 1961, and the property was sold at auction in 1962 to Mathilda Delaney.
Mrs. Delaney occupied the home until 1983, when the property was sold to Paul and Paula Brenner, who successfully placed the home on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
The Brenners completed restoration projects on the exterior and interior over the near-15 years of their ownership.
The playhouse was renovated in 1993 by the Brenners, and used as their antique shop.
The home passed to Drs.
Jon and Debora Hade.
The kitchen was remodeled and the cabinets used by Mr Higgins were brought up into the kitchen, his handwriting can be seen on one of the shelves.
The dining room boasts a mahogany sideboard that runs from floor to ceiling.
The painted mural in the dining room are signed by a Chicago artist.
The Playhouse which at one time served as a school was moved to its current location and the current garage was built.
The current owners Neal and Kitty Conover, completed the renovation work in 2005.
The KTO Ryś (KTO for Kołowy Transporter Opancerzony - lit.
Wheeled Armored Vehicle; Ryś is Polish for Lynx) is 8x8 multi-role military vehicle produced by Wojskowe Zakłady Motoryzacyjne S.A. (formerly WZM No.
5), a Polish Armaments Group company.
The vehicle was developed from the chassis and drive train of the OT-64 SKOT armored personnel carrier.
This variant was adopted by Polish land Forces and fielded in Iraq and Afghanistan.
Automatic Reconnaissance-Jamming System; Kaktus is Polish for Cactus) - electronic warfare system based on KTO Ryś.
Wheeled Engineering Reconnaissance Vehicle; Tuja is Polish for Thuja) - wheeled engineering vehicle.
All those vehicles were based on early first generation of Ryś vehicles, much closer to original OT-64 SKOT, none of those vehicles were adopted, and the manufacturer no longer offers them.
NGC 156 is a double star located in the Cetus constellation.
It was discovered on 1882 by Ernst Wilhelm Leberecht Tempel.
Minuscule 825 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), ε308 (von Soden), is a 13th-century Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament on parchment.
The text is written in one column per page, 21 lines per page.
It contains Argumentum, tables of the  (chapters) before each Gospel, lectionary markings for liturgical use, incipits,  (lessons), liturgical books: Synaxarion and Menologion, subscriptions at the end each of the Gospels, and pictures.
According to Scrivener it is a beautiful codex.
Hermann von Soden classified it to the textual family Kx.
It is a weak member of the cluster 189.
The text of the Pericope Adulterae (John 7:53-8:11) is marked by an obelus.
Currently the manuscript is dated by the INTF to the 13th century.
The manuscript was brought from Corfu by Joseph Schirus, a monk, in 1729, and presented by him to the library in Grottaferrata.
It was examined and described by Antonio Rocci in 1882.
It was added to the list of New Testament manuscripts by Scrivener (623) and Gregory (825e).
Gregory saw it in 1886.
Currently the manuscript is housed at the Biblioteca della Badia (A' α.
2), in Grottaferrata.
2–4.
Mathias Braschler, and Monika Fischer, aka braschler/fischer are critically acclaimed Swiss photographers known for portrait projects and photographic environmental activism.
In 2003, braschler/fischer started collaborating as a photography team while developing the portrait project „About Americans“.
In the following years, braschler/fischer created portraits of humans from all backgrounds and cultures.
„Faces of Football“, a series of portraits of the world’s most important soccer players, „China“, portraits of people from all social backgrounds and regions of China, and „Affected - The Human Face of Climate Change“, a series of environmental portraits from around the world, are among their largest projects.
Their project “Act Now!”, a portrait series of famous climate activists to raise awareness at the 2015 climate negotiations in Paris, was created in close collaboration with the United Nations.
For their international work, the duo visits remote places, such as the island state of Kiribati or Tuktoyaktuk in the far North of Canada.
The types of people braschler/fischer capture range from celebrities like David Beckham to nomadic farmers in the Sahel Zone.
braschler/fischer have won numerous awards for their works, including a World Press Photo Award in 2007.
Their photography projects appear internationally and have been published in The Guardian, Vanity Fair and Stern, as well as in photo books (see below).
Their work has been exhibited in Europe, Asia, and the Americas.
He studied geography and modern history at the University of Zurich.
He was strongly touched by a photographic exhibition of Sebastiao Salgado and learned from photographer and filmmaker Alberto Venzago before beginning his career in photography in 1994.
Starting out as a photo journalist, he worked for various magazines and newspapers such as NZZ and Sonntags Zeitung in Switzerland before moving to New York City in 1998, where he carried out his first book project, Madison Avenue in 1999.
Through his experience of covering 9/11 for Newsweek, Mathias Braschler decided to move more into portrait photography.
In the following years he lived and worked in New York.
Monika Fischer was born in St. Gallen’s Rhine Valley in Switzerland in 1971.
While studying Romance and German philology at the University of Zurich, she also began working as a dramaturg and director’s assistant at the Zurich opera house.
Over several years she worked with international theatre directors in Switzerland.
Monika Fischer graduated from the Zurich University of the Arts with an executive master in scenography in 2005.
Her experience in lighting and mis-en-scene is an important part of braschler/fischer's visual style.
The duo met while studying at university and first started working on a project based on the Werner Herzog Film Fitzcarraldo for the Opera house of Manaus, Brazil in 2002.
Their work relationship evolved into the formation of a permanent team, and they became the duo braschler/fischer in 2003.
They have a son and divide their time between Zurich and New York.
Braschler/fischer always work as a team and are specialized in portrait photography.
Strongly influenced by the works of Sebastiao Salgado, Richard Avedon, Robert Capa, Werner Bischof and Henri Cartier-Bresson, and having been compared to August Sander, braschler/fischer have developed a style that balances between illuminating the subject while telling their true story.
Usually braschler/fischer accomplish this task through extensive road trips.
For example, they covered more than 30.000 km in seven months in China to portray 172 people.
Featuring known soccer players such as David Beckham, the idea was to shoot the athlete right after the match, which created a certain intensity of the gaze.
For their project “The Human Face of Climate Change”, braschler/fischer were selected photographers for the Vanity Fair Hall of Fame in 2010.
For the series “Guantanamo”, braschler/fischer were awarded the Hansel Mieth Prize in 2012 and the Prix Photo in 2015.
The Saunders-Crosby House, at 200 E. Deming in Roswell, New Mexico, was built in 1905.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
It is unusual in its Queen Anne style because it has a two-story hexagonal cupola and a hexagonal porch and cupola.
All eaves have Victorian gingerbread trim.
It was purchased in 1907 as part of recruiting H.P.
Saunders, a banker, to move from Dallas, Texas.
Mrs. Ruby Saunders Crosby, a daughter who served in the Red Cross overseas during World War I, donated the house to the American National Red Cross in 1965.
The Red Cross owned it in 1985.
Jean de la Trémoille (1377–1449), seigneur of Jonvelle, was Grand Master and Grand Chamberlain to the dukes of Burgundy John the Fearless and Philip the Good.
He was the son of Guy and Marie de Sully, countess of Guînes.
On 17 July 1424 he married Jacqueline d'Amboise, daughter of Ingerger II and Jeanne de Craon.
Statiras Records is a sub-label of Progressive Records which Progressive founder Gus Statiras launched in the 1980s that recorded jazz musical artists for release on LP and CD.
Poritia pleurata, the green gem, is a small butterfly found in India, Myanmar and South Asia that belongs to the lycaenids or blues family.
As per Savela it is found in Manipur, Burma, Sumatra, Peninsular Malaya and Langkawi Islands.
The basal half or more of the cell in upper forewing is blue.
There are apical and terminal spots in 2 and 3, though these may be absent in the dry-season form.
The upper forewing of the females do not have a yellow patch.
Radoniów  is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubomierz, within Lwówek Śląski County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
It lies approximately  south-west of Lubomierz,  south-west of Lwówek Śląski, and  west of the regional capital Wrocław.
The Best Record-Breaking Performance ESPY Award has been presented since 2001 to the amateur or professional sportsperson, irrespective of nationality or sport contested, adjudged to have, in a single play, game, or season, completed the best record-breaking (and -setting) performance, irrespective of the nature of the record broken.
Between 2001 and 2004, the award voting panel comprised variously fans; sportswriters and broadcasters, sports executives, and retired sportspersons, termed collectively experts; and ESPN personalities, but balloting thereafter has been undertaken exclusively by fans over the Internet from amongst choices nominated by the ESPN Select Nominating Committee.
Through the 2001 iteration of the ESPY Awards, ceremonies were conducted in February of each year to honor achievements over the previous calendar year; awards presented thereafter are conferred in June and reflect performance from the June previous.
Fusitriton retiolus is a species of large predatory sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Cymatiidae.
Saint Leonard of Port Maurice, O.F.M., () (born 20 December 1676, at Porto Maurizio on the Riviera di Ponente; died at the friary of St. Bonaventure, Rome, 26 November 1751) was an Italian Franciscan preacher and ascetic writer.
He was given the name Paul Jerome Casanova.
Leonard’s father was a ship captain whose family lived in Port Maurice on the northwestern coast of Italy.
At 13, Leonard went to Rome to live with his uncle Agostino and study at the Jesuit Roman College.
He was a good student and destined for a career in medicine.
In 1697, however, he joined the Friars Minor.
When he decided against medicine, his uncle disowned him.
On 2 October 1697, he received the habit and took the name Brother Leonard, after a relative who had been kind to him.
After making his novitiate at Ponticelli in the Sabine mountains, he completed his studies at St. Bonaventura on the Palatine at Rome.
After his ordination he remained there as lector (professor), and expected to be sent on the Chinese missions.
After ordination Leonard contracted a bleeding ulcer and was sent to his hometown  where there was a monastery of the Franciscan Observants (1704).
After four years he was restored to health, and began to preach in Porto Maurizio and the vicinity.
St. Leonard was a preacher.
His colleagues and he practiced austerities and penances during these missions.
In 1710 he founded the monastery of Icontro, on a peak in the mountains about four and a quarter miles from Florence, whither he and his assistants could retire from time to time after missions, and devote themselves to spiritual renewal.
Alphonsus Liguori called Leonard "the great missionary of the 18th century".
He attracted large crowds and was invited to visit and preach in many places.
Leonard spent over forty years preaching retreats, Lenten sermons and parish missions throughout Italy.
His missions lasted 15 to 18 days, and he often stayed an additional week to hear confessions.
In 1720 he crossed the borders of Tuscany and held his celebrated missions in Central and Southern Italy.
Everywhere the saint made conversions, and was very often obliged both in cities and country districts to preach in the open, as the churches could not contain the thousands who came to listen.
Pope Clement XII and Pope Benedict XIV called him to Rome; the latter especially held him in high esteem both as a preacher and as a propagandist, and exacted a promise that he would come to Rome to die.
Pope Benedict XIV appointed him to several complex diplomatic assignments.
In Genoa and Corsica, in Lucca and Spoleto the citizens expected a bejeweled cardinal to represent the intentions of the pope.
Instead, they were confronted by a humble, shoeless, muddy friar to confound their hostility and pride.
For a time, St. Leonard was the spiritual director of Maria Clementina Sobieska of Poland, the wife of James Stuart, the Old Pretender.
St Leonard founded many pious societies and confraternities, and exerted himself to spread devotion to the Sacred Heart of Jesus, and the perpetual adoration of the Most Blessed Sacrament.
He also began to insist that the concept of the Immaculate Conception of Mary be defined as a dogma of the faith.
The Franciscans had been the custodians of the Holy Sites in the Holy Land, including of the "Way of the Cross", since 1343.
Though many saints were devoted to the Stations of the Cross, few if any did more to promote them than St. Leonard.
As a Franciscan priest, he preached the Way of the Cross at missions for forty-three years and reportedly set up stations in 571 locations throughout Italy, including the Colosseum in Rome.
From May to November, 1744, he preached in Corsica, which at that time belonged to the Republic of Genoa and which was torn by party strife.
In November, 1751, when he was preaching to the Bolognese, Benedict XIV called him to Rome, as already there were indications of his rapidly approaching end.
The strain of his missionary labours and his mortifications had completely exhausted his body.
He arrived on the evening of 26 November 1751, at his beloved monastery of St. Bonaventura on the Palatine, and expired on the same night at eleven o'clock at the age of seventy-four.
The Franciscan Order celebrates his feast on 26 November, but outside this Order it is often celebrated on 27 November.
The partly incorrupt body of the saint is kept in the high altar of the church of St. Bonaventure monastery in Rome, where he died.
St. Leonard’s Church in Boston, founded in 1873, is the first Roman Catholic Church in New England built by Italian immigrants.
The church is located in the historic North End of Boston at the corner of Hanover and Prince Streets on Boston’s Freedom Trail.
The Diary (Diario) of his missions is written by Fra Diego da Firenze.
A treasure for asceticism and homiletics, many of his writings have been translated into the most diverse languages and often republished: for example his Via Sacra spianata ed illuminata (the Way of the Cross simplified and explained), Il Tesoro Nascosto (on the Holy Mass); his celebrated Proponimenti, or resolutions for the attainment of higher Christian perfection.
A complete edition of his works appeared first at Rome in thirteen octavo volumes (1853–84), Collezione completa delle opere di B. Leonardo da Porto Maurizio.
Then another in five octavo volumes, Opere complete di S. Leonardo di Porto Maurizio (Venice, 1868-9).
In English, German, etc., only single works have been issued, but a French translation of the entire set has appeared: Œuvres complètes de S. Léonard de Port-Maurice (8 vols., Paris and Tournai, 1858), and Sermons de S. Léonard de Port-Maurice (3 vols., Paris).
Leon.
Chapter XX of this last mentioned work had already appeared in Etudes Franciscaines, VIII (Paris, 1902), 501-510.
Dominic Devas, O.F.M.
A hackathon (also known as a hack day, hackfest or codefest; a portmanteau of hacking marathon) is a design sprint-like event; often, in which computer programmers and others involved in software development, including graphic designers, interface designers, project managers, domain experts, and others collaborate intensively on software projects.
The goal of a hackathon is to create functioning software or hardware by the end of the event.
Hackathons tend to have a specific focus, which can include the programming language used, the operating system, an application, an API, or the subject and the demographic group of the programmers.
In other cases, there is no restriction on the type of software being created.
OpenBSD's apparent first use of the term referred to a cryptographic development event held in Calgary on June 4, 1999, where ten developers came together to avoid legal problems caused due to export regulations of cryptographic software from the United States.
Since then, a further three-to-five events per year have occurred around the world to advance development, generally on university campuses.
For Sun Microsystems, the usage referred to an event at the JavaOne conference from June 15 to June 19, 1999; there John Gage challenged attendees to write a program in Java for the new Palm V using the infrared port to communicate with other Palm users and register it on the Internet.
Starting in the mid to late 2000s, hackathons became significantly more widespread and began to be increasingly viewed by companies and venture capitalists as a way to quickly develop new software technologies, and to locate new areas for innovation and funding.
Some major companies were born from these hackathons, such as GroupMe, which began as a project at a hackathon at the TechCrunch Disrupt 2010 conference; in 2011 it was acquired by Skype for $85 million.
The software PhoneGap began as a project at the iPhoneDevCamp (later renamed iOSDevCamp) in 2008; the company whose engineers developed PhoneGap, Nitobi, refocused itself around PhoneGap, and Nitobi was bought by Adobe in 2011 for an undisclosed amount.
Then participants suggest ideas and form teams, based on individual interests and skills.
Then the main work of the hackathon begins, which can last anywhere from several hours to several days.
For hackathons that last 24 hours or longer, especially competitive ones, eating is often informal, with participants often subsisting on food like pizza and energy drinks.
Sometimes sleeping is informal as well, with participants sleeping on-site with sleeping bags.
At the end of hackathons, there is usually a series of demonstrations in which each group presents their results.
To capture the great ideas and work-in-progress often people post a video of the demonstrations, blog about results with screenshots and details, share links and progress on social media, suggest a place for open source code and generally make it possible for people to share, learn from and possibly build from the ideas generated and initial work completed.
There is sometimes a contest element as well, in which a panel of judges select the winning teams, and prizes are given.
At many hackathons, the judges are made up of organisers and sponsors.
At BarCamp-style hackathons, that are organised by the development community, such as iOSDevCamp, the judges are usually made up of peers and colleagues in the field.
Such prizes are sometimes a substantial amount of money: a social gaming hackathon at the TechCrunch Disrupt conference offered $250,000 in funding to the winners, while a controversial 2013 hackathon run by Salesforce.com had a payout of $1 million to the winners, billed as the largest-ever prize.
Mobile app hackathons like Over the Air, held at Phoenix Park, Ireland, can see a large amount of corporate sponsorship and interest.
Music Hack Day, a hackathon for music-related software and hardware applications, is a popular event, having been held over 30 times around the world since 2009.
Also Music Tech Fest, a three-day interdisciplinary festival for music ideas bringing together musicians with hackers, researchers and industry, features a hackathon.
Similarly, Science Hack Day, a hackathon for making things with science, has been held over 45 times in over 15 countries around the world since 2010.
Hackathons have been held to develop applications that run on various mobile device operating systems, such as Android, iOS and MeeGo.
Hackathons have also been held to develop video-based applications and computer games.
Hackathons where video games are developed are sometimes called game jams.
"TV Hackfest" events have been held in both London and San Francisco, focusing mainly on social television and second screen technologies.
In TV Hackfests, challenge briefs are typically submitted by content producers and brands, in the form of broadcast industry metadata or video content, while sponsors supply APIs, SDKs and pre-existing open source software code.
Hackathons have also been used in the life sciences to advance the informatics infrastructure that supports research.
The Open Bioinformatics Foundation ran two hackathons for its member projects in 2002 and 2003, and since 2010 has held 2-day "codefests" preceding its annual conference.
The National Evolutionary Synthesis Center has co-organized and sponsored hackathons for evolutionary bioinformatics since 2006.
BioHackathon is an annual event that started in 2008 targeted at advancing standards to enable interoperable bioinformatics tools and Web services.
Neuroscientists  have also used hackathons to bring developers and scientists together to address issues that range from focusing on a specific information system (e.g., Neurosynth Hackathon and the Allen Brain Atlas Hackathon) and providing reserved time for broad scientific inquiry (e.g., Brainhack), to using specific challenges that focus hacking activity (e.g., HBM Hackathon).
Some hackathons focus on applications that make use of the application programming interface, or API, from a single company or data source.
Open Hack, an event run publicly by Yahoo!
since 2006 (originally known as "Hack Day", then "Open Hack Day"), has focused on usage of the Yahoo!
API, in addition to APIs of websites owned by Yahoo!, like Flickr.
The company's Open Hack India event in 2012 had over 700 attendees.
Google has run similar events for their APIs, as has the travel guide company Lonely Planet.
The website Foursquare notably held a large, global hackathon in 2011, in which over 500 developers at over 30 sites around the world competed to create applications using the Foursquare API.
A second Foursquare hackathon, in 2013, had around 200 developers.
The IETF organizes Hackathons for each IETF meetings which are focused on IETF Internet Draft and IETF RFC implementation for better inter-operability and improved Internet Standards.
One such event, in 2011, was hosted by the United States Congress.
Starting in 2012, NASA has been annually hosting the International Space Apps Challenge.
In 2014, the British government and HackerNest ran DementiaHack, the world's first hackathon dedicated to improving the lives of people living with dementia and their caregivers.
The series continues in 2015, adding the Canadian government and Facebook as major sponsors.
The Global Game Jam, the largest video game development hackathon, often includes optional requirements called 'diversifiers' that aim to promote game accessibility and other causes.
Various hackathons have been held to improve city transit systems.
Hackathons aimed at improvements to city local services are increasing, with one of the London Councils (Hackney) creating a number of successful local solutions on a 2 Day Hackney-thon  There have also been a number of hackathons devoted to improving education, including Education Hack Day and on a smaller scale, looking specifically at the challenges of field work based geography education, the Field Studies Council hosted FSCHackday.
Random Hacks of Kindness is another popular hackathon, devoted to disaster management and crisis response.
ThePort instead is a hackathon devoted to solving humanitarian, social and public interest challenges.
It's hosted by CERN with partners from other non-governmental organizations such as ICRC and UNDP.
Hackathons at colleges have become increasingly popular, in the United States and elsewhere.
These are usually annual or semiannual events that are open to college students at all universities.
They are often competitive, with awards provided by the University or programming-related sponsors.
Many of them are supported by the organization Major League Hacking, which was founded in 2013 to assist with the running of collegiate hackathons.
PennApps at the University of Pennsylvania was the first student-run college hackathon; in 2015 it became the largest college hackathon with its 12th iteration hosting over 2000 people and offering over $60k in prizes.
The University of Mauritius Computer Club and Cyberstorm.mu organized a Hackathon dubbed "Code Wars" focused on implementing an IETF RFC in Lynx in 2017.
ShamHacks at Missouri University of Science and Technology is held annually as an outreach activity of the campus's Curtis Laws Wilson Library.
ShamHacks 2018 focused on problem statements to better quality of life factors for US veterans, by pairing with veteran-owned company sponsors.
For example, Facebook's Like button was conceived as part of a hackathon.
This is now taking place across North America, Europe, Africa and Australasia.
Such events are often known as "code sprints", and are especially popular for open source software projects, where such events are sometimes the only opportunity for developers to meet face-to-face.
Code sprints typically last from one week to three weeks and often take place near conferences at which most of the team attend.
Unlike other hackathons, these events rarely include a competitive element.
The annual hackathon to work on the operating system OpenBSD, held since 1999, is one such event; it may have originated the word "hackathon".
TechCrunch issued an apology later that day.
A November 2013 hackathon run by Salesforce.com, billed as having the largest-ever grand prize at $1 million, was accused of impropriety after it emerged that the winning entrants, a two-person startup called Upshot, had been developing the technology that they demoed for over a year and that one of the two was a former Salesforce employee.
Major League Hacking expelled a pair of hackers from the September 2015 hackathon Hack the North at the University of Waterloo for making jokes that were interpreted as bomb threats, leading many hackers to criticize the organization.
As a result of the controversy, Victor Vucicevich resigned from the Hack the North organizing team.
Podarcis vaucheri, the Andalusian wall lizard, is a species of lizard in the family Lacertidae.
The species is endemic to northern Africa and southern Spain.
"A Contribution to our Knowledge of the Varieties of the Wall-Lizard (Lacerta muralis) in Western Europe and North Africa".
Trans.
Zool.
Soc.
London 17: 351-420.
(Lacerta muralis Var.
vaucheri, p. 365).
Pellegriniodendron diphyllum is a species of legume in the family Fabaceae.
It is found in Cameroon, Côte d'Ivoire, Gabon, and Ghana.
It is threatened by habitat loss.
Pedro Rómoli (born 16 July 1971) is a retired Argentine footballer who played as Goalkeeper, residing currently in Maracena.
In January 2002, he joined Granada of the Spanish Segunda División B. Granada re-signed Rómoli in July 2002.
Leif Thue (12 July 1928 – 13 June 1993) was a Norwegian trade unionist.
He was born in Balestrand.
He served as leader of the Norwegian Union of Railway Workers from 1984 to 1992, having served as deputy leader from 1976 to 1984 and secretary from 1971 to 1976.
As union leader he was also a board member of the Norwegian State Railways.
He became a notable public figure in the late 1980s and early 1990s, when the State Railways were restructuring, several directors came and went, and privatization was discussed.
He was also a member of the Labour Party, and served two terms in Spydeberg municipal council.
He retired from the working life in 1992, and was proclaimed an honorary member of his union.
He died in June 1993.
M.A.H.
Salim, also known as Silver Salim, is a Bangladesh Nationalist Party politician and the former Member of Parliament from Bagerhat-2.
He served as the President of Bagerhat District unit of Bangladesh Nationalist Party.
He is the chairman of Channel 1, a TV channel in Bangladesh.
He served as the Chairman of chairman of Bangladesh Association of International Recruiting Agencies.
Salim sued by Mina Raqibul Hasan Milon, Sramik Dal leader, for land grab on 3 June 2007.
He was sentenced to five years imprisonment in 3 June 2008 for extorting from construction firm owner in 2003.
They have one daughter, Sahara Selim, and two sons, Mehedi Hassan and Samith Hassan.
Bob Prewitt (July 26, 1924 – May 3, 2018) was an American college basketball coach.
He was the head coach at Southern Methodist University from 1967 to 1975.
Prewitt served in the Army Air Corps before enrolling at SMU in 1947.
He served as team captain for the 1948-49 season, and was an All-Conference pick.
Prewitt joined the coaching staff as an assistant in 1949 and helped the team to its first Final Four in 1956.
In 1967, he became head coach, and led the team to a Southwest Conference regular-season title in 1972.
He died on May 3, 2018, in Dallas, Texas at age 93.
Russell Dempster Carver (born 1934), is a male former rower who competed for England.
He rowed for Trinity College, Cambridge and Eton College Boat Club and rowed against Oxford in the 1958 boat race.
Russell was born in late 1934 in Kenya, because his father was a civil servant working there at the time.
The family moved back to England in 1935 to live at Bolden Bridge House, Lymington, Hampshire.
is a 1990 Japanese film directed by Yutaka Kohira.
It is based on a novel by Yūsuke Higuchi.
John MacGillivray (18 December 1821 – 6 June 1867) was a Scottish naturalist, active in Australia between 1842 and 1867.
MacGillivray was born in Aberdeen, the son of ornithologist William MacGillivray.
He took part in three of the Royal Navy's surveying voyages in the Pacific.
In 1842 he sailed as naturalist on board HMS Fly, despatched to survey the Torres Strait, New Guinea, and the east coast of Australia, returning to England in 1846.
In the same year he was appointed as naturalist on the voyages of HMS Rattlesnake (Captain Owen Stanley), collecting in Australian waters at Port Curtis, Rockingham Bay, Port Molle, Cape York, Gould Island, Lizard Island and Moreton Island in Queensland, Port Essington (Northern Territory) and visiting Sydney (New South Wales) on several occasions.
The expedition was in Hobart, Tasmania, in June 1847 and also surveyed in Bass Strait, and on the southern coast of New Guinea and the Louisiade Archipelago.
On this series of voyages his most notable achievement was to make records of the aboriginal languages of the peoples he encountered.
His account of the voyages was published in London.
In 1852 he deserted his sick wife and his children in London, and sailed for Australia.
T.H.
Huxley found his consumptive wife down to her last shilling, and raised £50 to send her and the children back to Australia where her parents could look after her.
She died two weeks from Sydney (Desmond 1994 p217).
MacGillivray's journey on HMS Herald was also doomed to failure.
The ship visited Lord Howe Island, New South Wales, Dirk Hartog Island and Shark Bay, Western Australia.
On this expedition he was accompanied by Scots naturalist William Grant Milne.
MacGillivray left the voyage early in 1855, having been dismissed by the captain Henry Mangles Denham.
He had become a hopeless drunkard, and when he died, alone in a squalid hotel room, the records noted 'mother and father unknown' (Desmond 1994).
MacGillivray died in Sydney, New South Wales, on 6 June 1867.
He is commemorated in the name of the Fiji petrel Pseudobulweria macgillivrayi.
He also collected a specimen of venomous elapid snake on the northeastern coast of Australia.
It was described by zoologist  Albert Günther in 1858 as Glyphodon tristis but it is now called Furina tristis.
In the late 19th century it was known as MacGillivray's snake but this name has now fallen into disuse, and it is now called either the brown-headed snake or the grey-naped snake.
Huxley: the Devil's Disciple.
Joseph, London 1994.
MacGillivray, John.
Narrative of the voyage of HMS Rattlesnake.
2 vols, Boone, London 1852.
Orchard A.E.
'A History of Systematic Botany in Australia', in Flora of Australia Vol 1, 2nd ed, ABRS, 1999.
The Nebraska House of Representatives was the lower house of the Nebraska Legislature from 1867 until 1936.
In 1934, Nebraska voters amended the state constitution to reconfigure the Nebraska State Legislature to a unicameral system—this system became effective for the 1937 legislative session.
Beginning as a territorial lower house in 1854, it had 26 members; this number was raised to 39 members at the time of the first state constitution's promulgation in 1866, and the second state constitution in 1875 limited membership in the House at 100 members, a limit which would be filled by 1881.
The last representatives were elected to a two-year term in 1934 and began their service with the final House of Representatives session in 1935.
is a guided bus station in Moriyama-ku, Nagoya, Aichi Prefecture, Japan.
It was originally named Moriyama Shiminbyōin Station.
The name was changed on April 1, 2013, after the hospital for which it was named was privatized.
Dormers Wells or Dormer's Wells is an urban community or neighbourhood in west London, England consisting of a grid of mostly semi-detached or terraced houses with gardens and small parks: in the London Borough of Ealing, and the Southall post town area.
Southall and Norwood manors in much of the medieval period belonged to the Archbishop of Canterbury hence giving the Norwood quasi-chapelry — virtually all a mixed agricultural area which covered today's Dormer's Wells, Norwood Green and Southall — the higher, less alienable status of a precinct.
The 12th century founded, much-altered chapel is St Mary's Church, Norwood Green.
St John's Church, Southall was built and endowed in 1838; consecrated in three years and made a parish in 1850.
Nine years later Norwood precinct was created a parish separate from that of Hayes.
Further Anglican churches followed: Holy Trinity, St George, Christ the Redeemer and Emmanuel none are named after this area.
In 1800 the precinct's overshot flour mill on the edge of the fields associated with "Dorman's Well Farm" belonged to the Hayes manorial estate, the main manor in the parish.
At that date it stood, together with a house and other property, at Dorman's Well.
The overshot mill, comprising a mill, house, millpond, and land, was owned by the Earl of Jersey in 1821 (Villiers family seated at nearby Osterley Park) and in the 1860s stood, as before, on Windmill Lane at Dorman's Well.
It is possible that the Dorman's Well estate (an earlier recorded form of Dormer's Well farm) formed the demesne (Lord of the Manor's own grounds) of Southall manor in the late 16th century.
In the late 20th century migration into the area included part of London's Sikh community, who established a large community building and venue for public hire, the Baba Wadbhag Singh Trust building.
From these three of Dormer's Wells' residential estates take their first-advertised and official name, which remain used by some residents: Mount Pleasant, Telford and Allenby.
Mount Pleasant as an isolated cluster of houses on a road junction similar to Dormer's Well Farm features in official 19th century maps of the area.
Haldia Industrial Belt or Haldia Industrial Zone   is an industrial area established in  Eastern Midnapore district , West Bengal, India.
This industrial area is housed in the center of Haldia port.
The main industrial center of this industrial city is Petrochemicals.
Industrial area is developed with more than 350 sq km area of Haldia sub-division.
The Rupnarayan river and Hooghly river in the north, the Hooghly river on the east and the Haldi river on the south.
The industrial area is 40 km away from the Bay of Bengal by Hooghly river.
The industrial area is 10 meters high from the sea level.
The 2019 FC Ryukyu season is the club's first season in the J2 League after winning promotion in the 2018 J3 League.
Alexandra "Willow" Hand is an American fashion model.
She is best known for opening Prada's A/W fashion show at 16 years old and walking in the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show 2018.
The following week, she was at Paris Fashion Week where she walked for Miu Miu.
In 2015, she was named by Elle Magazine as one of eight breakout stars.
She was listed as one of fifteen up-and-coming American models to watch.
She has walked the runway for Prada, Miu Miu, Gucci, Louis Vuitton, Anna Sui, Valentino, Chanel, Dolce and Gabbana, Fendi, Alexander McQueen, Vera Wang, Diane von Fürstenberg, Zac Posen, Tory Burch, Carolina Herrera, Prabal Gurung, John Galliano, Thakoon, Sonia Rykiel, Missoni, Oscar De La Renta, Tommy Hilfiger, Victoria Beckham, Chloé, Rochas, Jil Sander, Fausto Puglisi, Fay, Paco Rabanne, Maison Margiela, DSquared2, MSGM, Philosophy di Alberta Ferretti, Giambattista Valli, Roberto Cavalli, Francesco Scognamiglio, No 21,  Mary Katrantzou, Michael Kors, Rodarte, and Topshop.
She has done campaigns for Prada, Anna Sui, Bottega Venetta, Zara, Benetton, Jill Stuart and Victoria's Secret Pink.
Hand was chosen to be featured by Free People as a Muse and shot for their catalogue.
She has been in editorials for Vogue Paris, British Vogue, Vogue Italia, Teen Vogue, Vogue Russia, Vogue Japan, Vogue Ukraine, Vogue China, Vogue Mexico, Vogue Spain, Vogue Thailand, Allure, Russh, Garage, Dazed, Numero Tokyo, and In Print magazine.
In 2018, she walked for Victoria's Secret Fashion Show 2018.
Her look has been compared to that of a Disney princess.
Zerene eurydice, the California dogface butterfly, is sometimes placed in the related genus as Colias eurydice.
This species is endemic to California, and is California's state insect symbol.
Its endemic range is limited to the state.
California was the first state to choose a state insect — and thus, to choose a butterfly — though most of the other states have now followed, and many even have both a state insect and state butterfly.
This species is listed as the California state insect.
Its wings are an iridescent bluish-black, orange and sulfur-yellow in color.
The female has a small black dot on each of its yellow forewings.
The typical forewing length is between .
Adults feed on flower nectar.
They are said to be especially fond of purple flowers.
In the California chaparral and woodlands habitats of the Santa Ana Mountains in Southern California, the adult California dogface butterflies can often be seen nectaring at roadside thistles:  such as the native Cirsium hydrophilum and Cirsium occidentale, and introduced invasive species Cirsium arvense.
The 2019 FIBA Under-16 Women's Americas Championship was an international basketball competition held in Puerto Aysén, Chile from 16–22 June 2019.
It was the sixth edition of the FIBA Americas Under-16 Championship for Women, and the first to be hosted in Chile.
The United States defeated Canada, 87–37, in the final game to reclaim the championship.
Meanwhile, the hosts Chile edged Puerto Rico in the bronze medal game, 59–49.
The top four teams qualified for the 2020 FIBA Under-17 Women's Basketball World Cup in Romania.
Emad Atiya Ali El-Bahat (born 20 May 1970), is an Egyptian film director and screenwriter, also works as assistant for advertisements, documentaries and several shootings of foreign films in Egypt.
Emad Elbahat's passion to cinema industry led him to meet three of the best and most important filmmakers in Egypt, Youssef Chahine, actually, Elbahat is the most influenced by, Daoud Abd El-Sayyed and Yousri Nasr Allah.
Later, Emad Elbahat was one of the few directors who had the luck to feel, breath and see cinema through the eyes of one of the most brilliant and well known movie makers in Egypt and worldwide, Youssef Chahine, so far considers as Elbahat's godfather, he was known as first assistant for Chahine's movies, Sokoot Hansawar (2001), Alexandria-New-York (2003).
In 2004 he began work on directing his first feature film, Hide and Seek, which was released in 2006.
The script received a grant from the French Centre National de la Cinématographie (CNC) at the Carthage Film Festival in Tunisia and obtains excellent reviews in Cairo film festival and Dubai film festival at the same year (2006).
In 2007, Elbahat finished shooting his second movie The Clown, he wrote and directed.
The film revolves under the teaser on a clown in a circis, who is facing a real crisis destroys his simple life, the film monitors through this character of "The Clown", issues of oppression and tyranny which are subjected to some ordinary people, exposing many social issues, and political interest to the Egyptian society.
Screenplay Emad and Mohamed Al-Fekki, directed by Emad Elbhatt, produced by Al-Arabia Company for production and film distribution.
Their friends, Yossef is a filmmaker who just returned from France After a scholarship lasted for 3 years, his ex-girlfriend Dr. Salma belongs to conservative family, she was raised in Saudi Arabia, Mustafa, strict journalist and Yahya, a former navy Captain, suggests to play a game, reincarnation, where each one of them impersonates another as he sees it, revealing aspects of his personality, whether it is negative or positive, they play till the night ends.
Tatana Sterba (born October 7, 1976 in Uherské Hradiště, Czechoslovakia (now in the Czech Republic) as Taťána Štěrbová (), in 1980 the family emigrated to Switzerland) is a dance and trance producer better known under her alias Tatana.
Tatana is one of the most successful artists of the 2000s in the Swiss charts, with several successful trance albums since her debut album 24 Carat was released in February 2000.
Tatana's Swiss chart debut came in May 1999, with the release of the single "End Of Time", a collaboration with DJ Energy.
The single was not a chart success, but put her on the map in the Swiss trance genre.
The No.
14 single "More Than Words – Street Parade Hymn '99" followed, along with "Dream Off" and then her early 2000 debut album.
Her debut album made No.
9 in the charts, but despite its success, no further singles followed from the album.
Tatana returned in November 2000 with her album Pure Elements, but again, no singles followed.
Tatana had appeared to have abandoned releasing singles by this point, and released a third album, entitled Pink Punk, in May 2001.
The album peaked at No.
5 and was at the time her biggest success to date.
DJ Energy collaborated again with Sterba in July 2001, releasing the single "Feel (Energy 2001 Anthem)".
The single peaked at No.
83 but spent 5 weeks in the Top 100, and became a club success.
Tatana went quiet for a while after that, before releasing the single "Words" in March 2002.
The single was a huge success, making No.
5 in the Swiss charts, which to this day makes it her highest-placing single.
The album Superpop followed, making No.
2 on the Swiss album chart.
A year without a new single or album followed, with the single "Moments" and album Wildlife released in March and April 2003 respectively.
Wildlife would become her first album chart #1.
Tatana appeared to be reducing the release of new material, with rumours of retirement even circulating.
She returned in May, 2004, and the album Neon Lights would be her second successive No.
1 album.
Her May 3, 2004 single release "Always On My Mind", a collaboration with Jaël, would become her second top ten single and peak at #6.
The top twenty singles "Elements Of Culture – Street Parade Hymn 2004" and "All That I Feel" (the latter featuring Pee) would follow, before her April 2005 album Peace And Love was released.
The album would complete a hat-trick of chart #1s, a feat never achieved by any trance producer in Swiss chart history.
Her third top ten single "Today Is Tomorrow – Street Parade 2005", featuring the vocal talents of Morris, would follow in July 2005.
"If I Could" followed in November 2005, and on December 3, 2005, Tatana released her Greatest Hits album.
The album reached a peak of No.
13 in the singles chart.
Her 2008 single "Spring Breeze" was included in Armin van Buuren's A State of Trance 2008 Yearmix.
In 2011, Tatana collaborated with British singer-songwriter Natalia Kills for the single "You Can't Get in My Head (If You Can't Get in My Bed)," featured on a new album called Heart.
MV Ancylus was one of nine Anglo Saxon Royal Dutch/Shell oil tankers converted to become a Merchant Aircraft Carrier (MAC ship).
The group is collectively known as the Rapana class.
MV Ancylus was built at Swan Hunter and completed in January, 1935 as an oil tanker for the Anglo Saxon Royal Dutch/Shell line.
She was converted to a MAC ship, entering service in October, 1943.
As a MAC ship, she had no aircraft hangar, and continued to carry normal cargoes, although operating under Royal Navy control.
Only her air crew and the necessary maintenance staff were naval personnel.
At the end of the war, Ancylus was reconverted to an oil tanker, being renamed Imbricaria in 1952.
She served in this capacity until broken up for scrap at La Spezia in December 1954.
Land of the Lost was a 1974-1976 TV series presenting the adventures of the Marshall family (including Will and Holly and their father Rick, later replaced by their uncle Jack).
The Marshalls become trapped in a pocket universe populated by dinosaurs, ape-like creatures called Pakuni, and lizard-like creatures named Sleestak.
This article concerns the unusual geography of the Land and mysterious "technology" such as the pylons, crystals, heart, and other elements which control various aspects of the Land of the Lost.
A traveler attempting to pass over the mountains will find himself reentering the valley from the other side; at one point the Marshalls climb a mountain peak and using binoculars are able to see far enough across the valley to observe themselves from behind.
There is one major river flowing through the Land, forming a similarly closed loop; it flows into a cave at one end of the valley and comes back out again in a waterfall at the other end.
The Marshalls discover this when they attempt to raft down river in search of an exit from the Land in the episode "Downstream".
The climate of the Land is tropical, and the valley is filled almost entirely with dense jungle.
Other major landmarks include a tar pit, a misty swamp filled with dead trees that appears to be locked in darkness even during the day, some high bluffs containing natural caves, and a narrow canyon or chasm that extends into the mountains.
The Land lacks a nickel-iron core (or at least a magnetic field), rendering compasses useless.
The Land appears to have three moons.
The smallest is also the fastest, moving visibly through the sky; the Marshalls dubbed it "Speedy".
On two separate occasions, manipulation of a Pylon's crystal matrix table caused the motion of the sun and moons to halt.
Conjunctions of the moons appear to trigger the activities of some Pylons, including the elevator Pylon and the possession Pylon.
The Sun Pylon is able to control its level of flare activity.
An establishing shot in "Stone Soup" features a matte painting depicting two suns in close proximity to each other, one appearing significantly smaller than the other.
This is not commented upon by the characters, however, and multiple later episodes show similar shots with only one sun.
Sizes vary from boulder-sized chunks to the more common walnut-sized gems (which themselves are merely chunks off the larger crystals) and apparently were artificially grown or otherwise constructed by the Altrusians for use as a power source for their technologies.
The larger crystals are possibly mildly radioactive and give off both heat and light as a byproduct of their nature.
Rick Marshall theorized that they might even power the dimensional doorways.
Their most common colors are red, blue, yellow, and green, though other rarer colors, such as white, have been seen or mentioned.
The most common use of light crystals seems to be in crystal matrix control tables, or simply as sources of illumination.
Bringing red and yellow crystals together causes an explosion after a very brief delay.
Putting two green crystals together (or possibly two like-colored crystals) is also an explosive combination.
Combining red and blue do nothing noticeable, but adding a third, yellow crystal to the pair causes them to emit a near-lethal shock.
In general, yellow crystals appear to trigger releases of energy from other crystals.
A blue crystal and a green crystal together create a temporary force field a short distance away.
This use was taught to the Marshalls by Enik in "The Stranger", but in the later episode "The Search", the Marshalls attempted to reproduce the effect and nothing happened (it's possible the crystals were dead).
In general, blue crystals appear involved in telepathic functions.
Blue crystals alone can under some circumstances hypnotize people into seeing what they love most.
Jefferson Collie also mentioned that blue crystals "make you sick", and discards them when he mines them in his cave.
The Marshalls eventually receive a set of pendants from Rani—Holly's future self—with a number of tiny yellow crystals surrounding a larger central blue crystal that provide a sort of clairvoyance, in which one wearer can see what the other wearer is seeing and hear what they're hearing.
Rani explains that the blue crystals pick up the wearer's heartbeat and transmits empathic signals that are received by the other pendants.
The surface of a Pylon is polished to a mirror-like precision and extremely smooth to the touch; Will described the sensation as being like "touching nothing".
Holly also reported that the surface felt cold.
When a Tyrannosaurus tried to bite a Pylon in the episode "Skylons", the Pylon emitted a powerful electrical shock that frightened it away.
Nearly all Pylons have a hand-sized tetrahedral "key" projecting from about two thirds of the way up one side; when turned, a diamond-shaped patch of the Pylon's surface below it dematerializes to provide a small doorway inside.
Apparently, some pylon keys can be removed from a pylon by shining reflected sunlight on them, sealing the Pylon, and can be replaced by pressing the key back on the Pylon's surface.
The interior of the Pylons is an extra-dimensional black void with no discernable boundaries or surfaces and is significantly larger inside than the Pylon appears from the outside, similar in some ways to the time traveling TARDIS from Doctor Who.
Each Pylon will typically contain a "crystal matrix control table," a small square table made of rough stone with a grid (generally 9×9 decimeters) on the upper surface supported by a clear (possibly crystalline) pedestal set into a smaller stone base.
Various light crystals rest on the grid.
At least two known Pylons also have a large green viewing orb suspended beyond the crystal matrix table used as a visual display.
Note: In Season 3, the Pylons were redesigned after many of the original sets were destroyed.
The new Pylons were dull in color and the interior had clearly defined stone walls and floors with a mica-like appearance.
Likewise, the matrix tables were redesigned with a stone pedestal and a grid of all-red crystals.
At least one Pylon, the Sun Pylon, features a circular hatch that can be opened and closed with the aid of a special blue crystal "key".
It is the only Pylon which is known to be directly above the Lost City tunnels and the only known black Pylon.
Although it's possible that the Sun Pylon's hatch is unique given the unusual exterior color and the fact that it is referred to as "special", it's conceivable that most (if not all) Pylons might have been erected above such tunnels and would possibly have similar floor hatches as well.
Pylons are part of the fundamental infrastructure of the Land of the Lost; when the light crystals on their crystal matrix tables are tampered with, all manner of effects on the Land can be produced.
Examples include causing storms, opening and closing time doorways, triggering earthquakes, and even manipulating the rate at which celestial bodies travel through the sky.
Pylons appear to have specialized functions; a "weather Pylon" controls rain, a "clock Pylon" controls the movement of celestial bodies, etc.
The synchronization of the pylons with heavenly bodies is also seen in the episode "Pylon Express"; one pylon only opens when the three moons are aligned.
The episode "The Possession" presents the idea that the Pylons were built by the Altrusians.
In David Gerrold's backstory for the series he confirms this, explaining that the Altrusians built the entire Land and everything in it as a way-station intended to let travelers cross between various places.
The time doorways are gateways which allow their users to cross into the Land on their way to their destination.
The reason that travel through the time doorways is unpredictable, at best, is that the Land has fallen into disrepair in the time since it was built.
However, the series as presented remains unclear on this subject.
While the matrix tables are represented in the show as being crucial to the operation of the Pylons, they are sometimes found in caverns as well.
Outside of the Pylons, the most frequent use of one is in Enik's chamber inside the Lost City.
This particular matrix is primarily keyed to the dimensional doorways but has also been shown capable of converting matter such as when Enik transforms the entrance to his cave into solid rock.
Another matrix table is located in a cavern discovered in "Split Personality".
This table also appears to be able to open doorways and was shown to connect with a parallel universe.
In the 2009 movie, the Pylons have existed since the dawn of Time and - like those of the series - were created to make travel throughout time and space possible.
However, in a design departure, the Pylons come to a point at its apex and appear to be made of pure crystal so clear that they are virtually invisible to the normal eye.
The crystal emits sonic vibrations which distort soundwaves.
While the interior of the Pylons appear to be as interdimensionally vast as those in the series, they were more than an empty void.
In the film's script, the writers describe the inside of the Pylons as a constantly shifting perspective like "an M.C.
Escher optical illusion".
Numerous white "floors" could be seen floating in the distance amidst rotating shards of crystal with the floor nearest the doorway possessing a matrix table that seems to appear from nowhere.
This table closely resembles the one in the 1991 series with clear shards of various lengths that change color when touched.
The table itself seems to lack any type of base or foundation.
Instead, it appears to hover over the floor.
When the matrix table in the Pylon has been tampered with in a destructive way, Skylons will arrive and hover over the Pylon, while flashing a sequence of colours corresponding to the sequence of light crystals required to restore the table (usually the reverse order in which they were originally touched).
Skylons also appear to respond to signaling with reflected sunlight.
The Skylons are apparently only able to cope with problems resulting directly from mis-set crystal matrix tables.
The Skylons are unable to handle problems resulting from outside forces such as the Zarn's gravity drive, though they do indicate Zarn as the source of the problem.
This may suggest that they are relatively simple automatons and not particularly intelligent.
Rick suggests that they are "living machines" and possibly sentient.
The door aperture in the Pylon is roughly the same shape as Skylons, but it is not known whether Skylons actually enter the Pylon through it.
Instead, they were seen hovering around the Pylon at about the same level as its key.
Will originally suggested they be called "Sky Pylons", "Twirling Tops", or "Golden Streaks" before Holly finally agreed on "Skylons".
The clearing has a hidden circular aperture in the center that sporadically opens to drop whatever was on top of it down a shaft into a black void.
A jagged pulsating house-sized red crystal floats in the center of this void.
Objects that have fallen down there "orbit" the red crystal for a while, but eventually the red crystal shoots the objects with an energy beam that pulls them into it.
Rick Marshall speculated that this crystal was a "generator or giant heart" for the Land, and that it drew energy from what it consumed in this manner.
Rick, Holly, and Cha-Ka fell inside the void once, but Rick managed to get them all out again by using his signal mirror to reflect the crystal's beam back at it.
The crystal reacted by violently ejecting all the remaining orbiting objects from the pit.
A nearby Pylon appears to be a control station for this pit with a viewing orb that shows the interior of the shaft.
It is built into the base of a mountain in a region of the Land separated from the rest by a narrow but deep chasm; a fallen stone slab bridging the chasm is the only convenient method of access.
Externally, it consists of a huge plaza with an arched entrance, crumbling rectangular pillars, and three tunnel entrances set into a mountainside.
The plaza is the home territory of an allosaurus.
The Marshalls dub this allosaurus "Big Alice", but the Sleestak call her "Selima", which means "Protector", because she keeps animals away from their eggs.
The left entrance to the City leads to the Devil's Cauldron lava pool, along corridors with many stone alcoves used by the Sleestak for hibernation.
Accessible through the central entrance is a fog-filled pit at least seven meters deep called the "Hole of No Return," within which lives a carnivorous beast the Sleestak refer to as their god, to which they sacrifice people and animals as food.
Sleestak legend tells that only once did someone escape from the Hole, but the legend doesn't detail how; one possible route is via a narrow tunnel that runs from the bottom of the pit to the top, too small for the god to pass through and normally hidden by fog.
Also through the central entrance is a passage to a chamber containing a crystal matrix table, where Enik spends most of his time attempting to open a time doorway back to his original era.
Near this room is a door with a Pylon key next to it, beyond which is a small opening that leads to a bottomless pit.
In the episode "Elsewhen", Holly descends into this pit on a rope, and she briefly finds herself hanging in the sky under an upside-down Land of the Lost.
This bizarre vision is never explained within the show, but may be related to the closed nature of the universe that the Land is in; just as the river loops back to its origin, the pit may descend so far that it comes out in the sky overhead.
(In Dorothy Fontana's script this is confirmed as the scene is specifically described as the chasm being upside down and that the light that suddenly shines on Holly is from the rising sun.)
Although the Sleestak occasionally venture beyond the chasm above ground (The Sleestak God, The Stranger, The Hole, Circle, etc.
), there are caves and tunnels all over the underground of the Land, many of which link to the Lost City.
The Sleestak sometimes use these tunnels to hunt, chipping upward to create a pit trap and waiting below for prey to fall in.
A pristine version of the Lost City - presumably from the time of the Altrusians, and marked by structures which no longer exist - is briefly seen in both "Pylon Express" and "The Longest Day".
The Library is a relic of the Altrusian civilization.
As shown in "The Longest Day" and "Blackout," the urns can emit a "sacred smoke" that induces a form of telepathy that allows the user to communicate with the skulls, and that also has the side effect of removing all language barriers, allowing Marshall to talk to the Sleestak for the first time.
Lengthy exposure to the smoke causes hallucinations.
The skulls have various areas of expertise or specialization (e.g.
the "Skull of History" or the "Skull of Wisdom"), and the "Index Skull" is an important starting point when asking the Library for information.
They are also able to predict or prophesy the future, and they know at least some details about how to operate Pylon matrix tables.
As knowledgeable as they are, however, the skulls do not appear to have any goals or will of their own; they only provide answers to the questions they are asked.
The Library is tended by a Sleestak Librarian, and the Sleestak Council and Leader consult the Library of Skulls on important matters.
The Council and Leader claim exclusive rights to consultation, though they may allow others to ask questions under some circumstances.
It is avoided by Sleestak, as it is not an Altrusian ruin but rather was built by some other humanoid agency of great stature.
Outside the temple there are two very curious artifacts.
The first is a large stone obelisk which Will suggests might represent the Pylons.
The other is a stone tablet with mysterious markings that vaguely resemble letters of the English alphabet.
Rick posits that there may be a possible connection.
Inside the temple is an empty antechamber with a sundial set into the floor, somewhat of an oddity since sunlight does not reach that far into the room.
As shown in "The Musician," there is a solid stone door at the back, and at the top of the door frame is a sculptured relief high on the wall of two hands touching; one hand is convex, the other concave.
The door only opens when the "right" individual (Cha-Ka, in this case) puts his or her hand into the concave relief.
Inside is an auto-illuminating chamber with "the great-granddaddy of all matrix tables" (as Rick described it).
There are also several pieces of art including a chrome humanoid statue and a pane of hand-shaped glass.
When this chamber is explored in "The Musician", Cha-Ka touched the matrix table and caused the appearance of a glowing red humanoid figure, along with colored light smears in the sky.
The figure was uninterested in the Marshalls, telling them "You have already proven yourself; it is not your time."
When it encountered Cha-Ka and he faced the glowing figure bravely, it declared, "It is your time, Cha-Ka."
The figure morphed from a tall, featureless red humanoid into a boy - a more human-like twin of Cha-Ka - before vanishing.
Cha-Ka was apparently left with a powerful ring and improved intelligence; at the end of the episode, he is shown playing music on a recorder that he had previously been unable to comprehend.
Farther away from the Lost City is another smaller complex also called "The Temple".
This other Temple is perhaps of Altrusian origin; its decorations include the half-sunburst symbol seen over the entrances to the Lost City.
The Marshalls wound up using this temple as their primary shelter in the show's third season.
A popular myth for the reason of this set-change is tied into the fire that destroyed the cave sets for another Krofft show Sigmund and the Sea Monsters.
However, this fire took place during the second season of Sigmund, at which time Land of the Lost would have been in production of only its first season.
Also, the first two seasons of Land of the Lost were taped at a different studio entirely from that of Sigmund.
The show then moved to Goldwyn Studios for its third season.
This was the studio where the fire did occur two years prior that destroyed the Sigmund sets..
The mystery of the Builders and their Temple was not explained further but it can be deduced that the Builders are the distant descendants of the Pakuni or are some form of kinsman that have a vested interest in the Pakuni.
The door was only opened by Cha-ka's hand and he was also able to activate the pedestal in the chamber.
The red glowing Builder that pursues Cha-ka and the statue in the chamber have large craniums similar to the Pakuni.
It is a dim, eerie, foggy field of dead trees, cloaked in gloom even during the day.
In the original script, the "mist" is described as having actual weight where it pours through openings in the rocks much like tiny waterfalls.
While walking through one of these "fogfalls", Will is actually pushed back by the force of the mist but remains completely dry.
This was not included in the filmed version.
The Zarn's spacecraft is located in the Mist Marsh.
Like the Zarn himself the spacecraft is largely invisible, its streamlined shape outlined by spots of light that dot its surface.
The Zarn's ship uses a gravity drive.
When operating, it can cause significant increases in the local gravity field.
This causes lots of activity in the Pylons and Skylons, but the Land of the Lost cannot counteract it all.
In an attempt to escape the Land, the Zarn at one point attempts to use the gravity drive to destroy it entirely.
The Marshalls prevent this by distracting him at a key moment, and the uncontrolled gravity badly damages the Zarn's ship instead.
Ben Waine (born 11 June 2001) is a New Zealand professional footballer who plays as a forward for Wellington Phoenix in the A-League.
On 28 April 2019, Waine made his first start for the Phoenix in a 5-0 loss to the Perth Glory.
On 21 June 2019, Waine signed a two-year contract with the Phoenix.
The first year being a scholarship deal, with the second year moving him onto a full-time contract.
Just before the 2019-20 season kicked off, the first year of this contract was upgraded to full-time.
On 3 November 2019, Waine scored his first professional goal, coming off the bench in Wellington's 3-2 loss to Melbourne City, becoming the youngest goalscorer in the club's history.
He scored a brace in their opening match against Honduras on May 24.
He made two further appearances in the tournament, starting in both New Zealand's 2-0 victory over Norway and the 1-1 loss on penalties to Colombia in the Round of 16.
He was second top goal scorer for the tournament with 8 goals including one in the final, helping New Zealand to qualify for the 2020 Summer Olympics in Tokyo.
Pluskocin  is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzęcin, within Choszczno County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.
It lies approximately  south of Krzęcin,  south of Choszczno, and  south-east of the regional capital Szczecin.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany.
For the history of the region, see History of Pomerania.
Final league standings for the 1918-19 St. Louis Soccer League.
Tisaura is a village in Cholapur Mandal in Varanasi District in Uttar Pradesh State in India, located  from the cantonment railway station in Varanasi and  from its airport.
It is located 20.42 km from its District Main City Varanasi on the highway that connects it to Nepal, and 261 km from its State Main City Lucknow.
David Bailey (born 6 May 1943) was an English cricketer.
He was a right-handed batsman and right-arm medium-pace bowler who played for Cambridgeshire.
He was born in Kirtley.
Bailey made a single List A appearance for the side, during the 1965 Gillette Cup, against Warwickshire.
From the opening order, he scored 2 runs, as Warwickshire won the match without losing a single wicket.
The James Bay mine is one of the largest lithium mines in Canada.
The mine is located in eastern Canada in Quebec.
The James Bay mine has reserves amounting to 22.2 million tonnes of lithium ore grading 0.58% lithium thus resulting 0.13 million tonnes of lithium.
Amity University, Jharkhand, also known as Amity University, Ranchi, is a private university located in Ranchi, Jharkhand, India.
The university was established in 2016 by the Amity Education Group through the Amity University Act, 2016.
It offers various undergraduate and postgraduate courses.
Samuel Bayón Garcia (born 15 March 1983) is a Spanish footballer who last played for Slovak club MFK Zemplín Michalovce mainly as a right winger.
Bolshoye Ivankovo () is a rural locality (a village) in Sobinsky District, Vladimir Oblast, Russia.
The population was 68 as of 2010.
There are 2 streets.
The 1956 United States Senate elections were elections for the United States Senate that coincided with the re-election of President Dwight D. Eisenhower.
Although Democrats gained two seats in regular elections, the Republicans gained back two seats in special elections, leaving the party balance of the chamber remained unchanged.
Republicans defeated incumbent Earle C. Clements (D-KY) as well as winning Democratic-held seats in Kentucky, New York, and West Virginia.
Thus, this election caused Kentucky's Senate delegation to flip from two Democrats to two Republicans.
Also, Price Daniel (D-TX) left the Senate to become governor of Texas, and Democrat Ralph Yarborough won a special election for that Senate seat.
The net result was to leave the party balance unchanged.
All of the elections involved the Class 3 seats.
The Democratic state convention met on September 10 at Albany, New York, and nominated Mayor of New York City Robert F. Wagner Jr., for the U.S. Senate.
The Liberal Party endorsed the Democratic nominee, Mayor Robert F. Wagner Jr., for the U.S. Senate.
On October 1, a movement was launched to vote for General of the Army Douglas MacArthur as a write-in candidate for the U.S. Senate.
On October 2, MacArthur disavowed the campaign, and stated that he was not a candidate.
The Republican candidate was elected.
Only Young filed as a Republican, and the endorsed Democratic candidate was Quentin Burdick, the son of well-known politician Usher Burdick, and former candidate for Governor of North Dakota.
Young and Burdick won the primary elections for their respective parties.
One independent candidate, Arthur C. Townley, also filed before the deadline.
Townley would later seek the state's other senate seat in 1958 (see election), and was known for creating the National Non-Partisan League.
Morse defeated Republican candidate Douglas McKay in the hotly contested general election.
Incumbent Democrat Olin D. Johnston handily defeated Republican mayor of Clemson Leon P. Crawford.
Olin D. Johnston, the incumbent Senator, faced no opposition from South Carolina Democrats and avoided a primary election.
Leon P. Crawford, the mayor of the town of Clemson in the Upstate, faced no opposition from South Carolina Republicans and avoided a primary election.
Crawford campaigned as a defender of states' rights and denounced Johnston for backing the New Deal and the Fair Deal.
The state Republican Party believed that Crawford could have a chance in the election if he galvanized the 128,000 registered black voters, although they were weary of being labeled as the black party.
In the end, Johnston remained highly popular with the voters who were still leery of the Republican party and he easily defeated Crawford in the general election.
Thurmond was unopposed in his bid to complete the remaining four years of the term.
Senator Strom Thurmond faced no opposition from South Carolina Democrats and avoided a primary election.
There was a possibility that Governor George Bell Timmerman Jr. might enter the race, but Thurmond was held in such high regard by the voters that there would have been no chance of defeating Thurmond.
With no challenge to the remainder of the term, Thurmond did not conduct a campaign and rejoined his old law firm in Aiken until he returned to the Senate after the general election.
Reports and Resolutions of South Carolina to the General Assembly of the State of South Carolina.
Volume I. Columbia, SC: 1957, pp.
8–9.
Category:November 1956 events
The Neva Limestone is a stratigraphic unit and historic building stone in east-central Kansas, northeast-central Oklahoma, and southeastern Nebraska in the Midwestern United States.
It preserves fossils dating to the Permian period.
The Willimantic Footbridge is a pedestrian bridge in the Willimantic section of Windham, Connecticut.
Built in 1906, it extends from Main Street southward, across Riverside Drive, railroad tracks, and the Willimantic River, connecting downtown Willimantic to the residential area south of the river.
It is one of a small number of pedestrian bridges built in the early 20th century to survive in the state.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
The bridge is a five-span steel truss structure, about  in length.
The trusses are mainly mounted on steel trestle piers, although one is of granite rubblestone.
The Main Street abutment is built out of ashlar granite blocks, while that on the south bank of the river is rubblestone.
The trusses are all through trusses of three different types, with two heavy spans spanning the longest sections, across the river and the tracks of the Central Vermont Railroad.
Lighter spans cross the Providence and Worcester Railroad tracks and Riverside Drive, with an even lighter span at the northernmost end.
The bridge was built in 1906 to connect the commercial core to the southern residential part of Willimantic.
A bridge was first proposed for this area in 1877, but no action was taken until the early 20th century, when city leaders were seeking to create a downtown area more suitable for pedestrian use.
This bridge is a popular site in Willimantic.
It is the only footbridge in New England to span both a river and a railroad.
Simple Machines Forum software, or SMF software, is an open-source, Internet forum, message-board program developed by Simple Machines.
The name reflects the communities' initial goal of providing a program that could be operated by novice programmers and require minimal server resources.
Simple Machines won forum-software.org best free forum software award in 2009.
The project is owned by a non-profit organization, named "Simple Machines".
Liroy van Hoewijk ("CoreISP") is President and CEO of the Simple Machines organization, "Illori" is the project manager of SMF.
"Sesquipedalian" is SMF's lead software developer.
Simple Machines is organized and operates as a not-for-profit membership corporation organized under Nevada law.
To be eligible for membership, a person or entity must be nominated by a current member of the corporation and must complete a written or electronic membership application and approved by the Board of Directors.
The organization has not applied to become a 501(c)(3) organization; however, its internal bylaws still prohibit activities which would disqualify it from becoming one in the future.
The organization is funded by private donations, advertisements on their own website, and income from "charter memberships".
Free support is available via the official SMF message board.
However, charter members who contribute a minimum of $50 have access to enhanced support.
SMF is available in 46 languages in UTF-8 and non-UTF-8 encodings.
There are more than 20 large forums with at least one million posts using SMF.
YaBB 1.0 was the leading free forum software package at the time.
It proved, however, to be inefficient and slow for active communities.
On November 12, 2001, shortly after the release of YaBB 1.0, a second program, YaBB SE 1, written by Jeff Lewis and Joseph Fung (from Lewis Media Inc.) with help from Zef Hemel and Christian Land (from the YaBB project) was released.
Ultimately, users of this rough PHP port of YaBB also reported resource and security problems.
Lewis and Fung split off from the YaBB SE team to try a different approach for addressing the YaBB SE efficiency problems, security concerns, and to add new features.
Lewis and Fung did a complete rewrite of the code and changed the brand name to Simple Machines Forum (SMF).
On September 30, 2003, the first "YaBB SE/SMF" product, SMF 1.0 Beta 1a, was released.
The development and support team for YaBB SE was shut down in March 2004 with hundreds of communities in operation, when the developers joined the SMF project.
A converter was developed to convert YaBB SE to SMF.
On October 23, 2006, the Simple Machines Forum project was split off from Lewis Media for the purpose of "[solidification of] the team’s commitment to continuously providing free software, without the perceived risks of corporate influence".
The new company was named Simple Machines, LLC.
Simple Machines LLC was registered in the state of Arizona, and the transfer of copyrights from Lewis Media to Simple Machines LLC was completed on 24 November 2006 during a three-day retreat in Tucson, AZ.
On Dec 02, 2006, SMF 1.1 was released.
On April 8, 2007, Simple Machines announced the introduction of SMF 2.0.
SMF 2.0.x has been in development alongside SMF 1.1 since December 2005.
In June 2010, Simple Machines re-formed as a not-for-profit organization (NPO) registered in Nevada.
The transfer of assets from LLC to NPO was completed in April 2011 and in May 2011, Simple Machines, LLC was dissolved.
On the 24th of September 2010, the Simple Machines team announced the dissolving of the Simple Machines LLC and all assets moved to the nonprofit organization (Simple Machines) set up for the project.
On June 11, 2011, SMF 2.0 was released.
On November 21, 2014, SMF 2.1 beta 1 was released.
While it is source-available, redistribution and/or distribution of modified components is limited to authorized entities.
SMF version 2.0 and 2.1 are licensed under the 3-clause BSD license.
It is also open source with redistribution of modified code subject to the BSD requirements.
The use of PHP, MySQL and the fact that SMF is freeware, helped spawn the creation of a large and relatively active volunteer development community.
SMF is commonly deployed on basic web hosting packages, usually Linux, Apache, MySQL, PHP (LAMP) compliant servers.
Installations on VPS or dedicated servers are usually needed for sites with a large amount of concurrent users online at the same time.
The amount of concurrent users that can be handled depends on the available server resources, the resource limits a hosting provider may imply, the server configuration, and on which kind of modifications have been installed.
SMF itself has virtually no limit of traffic it can process, however: the more users online, the more powerful hardware it will require in order to function.
Many modifications, or "mods" as they are usually called, have been created and distributed free of charge, including an arcade, Help desk, profile additions, gallery, spam filter, various SEO features, and many more.
Before being listed on the SMF Mods site, the mod is validated by the SMF Team, to ensure that it complies with the SMF Coding Guidelines.
The Package Manager included in SMF is one of the flagship features.
It allows an administrator to install modifications and updates to SMF without having to modify the code of the script, usually with only a few mouse clicks.
Redistribution of earlier releases of the software (SMF 1), even unmodified, are not allowed without written permission.
That source code is not redistributable either, although it is allowed to distribute instructions on how to modify it.
However, as of SMF 2.0 Final: the software has been released under the BSD license which allows for forking and distribution.
Emil of Lönneberga (from Swedish: Emil i Lönneberga) is a series of children's novels by Astrid Lindgren.
The twelve books were written between 1963 and 1997.
Emil, the title character, is a prankster who lives on a farm in the Lönneberga village of Småland, Sweden.
The books have appeared in 44 languages (2014), in most cases with the original Swedish illustrations by Björn Berg.
There are five movie adaptations, with the three most famous ones being released between 1971-73.
His age ranges in the books from about five to eight.
His fair hair and blue eyes make him look like an angel, but he is not.
He has a prodigious knack for getting into trouble.
Emil is not malicious, as many around him think; he simply fails to see the consequences of his actions.
He even states at one point, "You don't make up pranks, they just happen."
They consist of kindly actions gone wrong, childish games, curiosity, bad luck and plain thoughtlessness.
For example, he gives away food meant for visiting relatives to the poor, who need it more.
He manages to lock his father into the outhouse accidentally, while locking other doors.
He hoists his willing little sister up a flagpole to see how far she could see from there.
While playing "pretend" he makes everyone believe they have contracted typhus.
With most pranks, Emil escapes his father's wrath by running away and locking himself into a tool shed.
Since the door can also be locked from the outside, his father locks him in there for a while as punishment.
Emil is usually embarrassed by what he has done, but this is not a severe punishment for Emil, who likes sitting in the shed and takes to carving a wooden figure during each of his stays.
He eventually accumulates 369 of them, except for the one that his mother buries because she claims it looks too much like the rural dean.
Emil is clever and creative and tends to think in unconventional ways that adults are liable to misunderstand.
Emil is very resourceful.
He is handy with any type of farm animal, especially horses.
He is also brave, and saves the farmhand Alfred's life when he has blood poisoning.
As Alfred is near death and the road to the doctor's covered with snow, Emil defies the bad weather and makes the trip by horse and sleigh to the doctor, so saving Alfred's life, a man he has always looked up to.
In the end, Emil is said to grow up into a responsible and resourceful man, eventually becoming Chairman of the Village Council.
He is portrayed as a stereotypical inhabitant of Småland – for example, extremely tight with his money.
On one occasion, he tells his wife that if she keeps wearing her shoes so often, they will have to be changed all the time – every other ten years!
Alcohol and swearing are strictly forbidden in the Svenssons' house.
Alma Svensson, Emil's mother, adores her boy and tends to say that "Emil is a nice little boy, and we love him just the way he is."
She also writes down every bad thing Emil does in a blue book, although it soon expands to several books.
Ida Svensson, Emil's little sister, is a well-behaved child, unlike him.
She tries to pull pranks like her brother, as she wants to go to the shed, which she thinks will be cozy, but she fails.
Alfred the farmhand, and Lina the farm maid also live on the farm.
Alfred, who is very fond of children, is Emil's best friend, but Lina dislikes him.
She is in love with Alfred and pesters him to marry her, a subject that Alfred tends to avoid.
Krösa-Maja, an elderly woman living in a cabin nearby, often visits the farm to help with the domestic work or watching the children, telling them ghost-stories and other claimed-to-be-true legends.
In Iceland, the books are known as Emil í Kattholti and have gained considerable success.
In France, Emil was rechristened Zozo la Tornade ("Zozo Tornado").
In Finland, Emil is known as Vaahteramäen Eemeli, "Eemeli of Vaahteramäki".
In The Netherlands, Emil is known as Michiel van de Hazelhoeve.
Nationality words link to articles with information on the nation's poetry or literature (for instance, Irish or France).
During Yufu's trial hearing, prosecutors cited a poem and messages he had sent on the internet.
February 13 – In a ceremony at the White House, John Ashbery was awarded the National Humanities Medal and Rita Dove was awarded the National Medal of Arts.
The honors were bestowed to 15 artists in all by President Barack Obama.
April 4 – Günter Grass's poem "What Must Be Said" was first published.
Four days later, Eli Yishai, the Israeli Minister for the Interior, declared Grass persona non grata.
June 7 – Natasha Trethewey is chosen by the Library of Congress to be the 19th U.S.
Poet Laureate.
November 29 - A Qatari poet, Muhammad Ibn al-Dheeb al-Ajami, age 36, sentenced to life imprisonment for "comments said to be critical of the Qatari leadership," and "attempts to destabilise the country."
In February 2013, his sentence was reduced to 15 years in prison.
Poetry of the Taliban, an anthology translated from Pashto, is published in English.
City of the Big Shoulders: An Anthology of Chicago Poetry, Iowa, .
The Oxford Handbook of Modern and Contemporary American Poetry, Oxford University Press,  .
Waldrep, editors – The Arcadia Project: North American Postmodern Pastoral, Ahsahta Press.
Lisa Jarnot – Robert Duncan: The Ambassador from Venus: A Biography, University of California Press.
Kenneth Rexroth – In the Sierra: Mountain Writings, New Directions Publishing.
Dale M Smith – Poets Beyond the Barricade: Rhetoric, Citizenship, and Dissent after 1960, University of Alabama Press.
John Yau – Further Adventures in Monochrome, Copper Canyon Press.
Une place.
January 31 – Stacy Doris, 48 (born 1962), U.S. poet and translator.
February 1 – Wisława Szymborska, 88 (born 1923), Polish poet who was awarded the Nobel Prize in Literature (1996).
Fred Moramarco, 73 (born 1938), U.S. poet and academic and founding editor, Poetry International, SDSU Press.
February 21 – Barney Rosset, 89 (born 1922), American publisher (Grove Press) and free speech advocate.
February 23 – Joydeb Basu, 49 (born 1929), Indian poet, heart attack.
March 2 – James A.
"Jim" Hazard, 76 (born ?
He is the father of Japanese writer Banana Yoshimoto and of cartoonist Yoiko Haruno.
Acclaimed for her own poetry and translations of American poetry including Louis Zukofsky.
November 11 – Jack Gilbert, 87, American poet who received the 2005 National Book Critics Circle Award.
An Aerial Joyride is a 1916 American silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.
The Bab Berdieyinne Mosque or Berdaine Mosque (Arab: مسجد باب بردعين, French: Mosquée Bab Berdaïne) is a religious building in the historical city center (medina) of Meknes, Morocco, constructed in the 18th century.
On 19 February 2010, its minaret collapsed during Friday prayers, causing at least 41 fatalities and many injuries.
The area had received heavy rain over the preceding days.
The collapse of buildings in the older parts of Morocco's cities is fairly common but the collapse of minarets is rare.
King Mohammed VI ordered the minaret be rebuilt according to historical specifications,  and has ordered that all old mosques be appraised for structural stability.
The reconstruction of the minaret is to be "to its original form".
The 18th-century mosque was built on the orders of Morocco's first female minister, Khnata bent Bakkar, and was constructed of rammed earth.
The minaret itself was said to be four centuries old and Meknes is a UNESCO World Heritage Site.
The collapse is the worst of its kind to have happened in Morocco.
There was public criticism in Morocco for the apparent lack of maintenance at the mosque.
The collapse followed several days of heavy rain which has been blamed for weakening the minaret, which was made of rammed earth.
Of the 300 worshipers inside 41 were killed and 75 were injured; others were buried beneath the rubble.
Rescue attempts were hindered by narrow access routes to the mosque and the potential for other walls collapsing.
The collapse occurred at 12.45 GMT on 19 February 2010, following several days of heavy rain in the area, which the government has blamed for the collapse.
The rains had already killed people through flooding and had destroyed roads and crops.
More than 300 worshippers were in the mosque at the time for Friday prayers and the collapse came just as the imam was about to begin his sermon.
Funeral prayers were due to have been said as part of the sermon and a body was present in the mosque.
The last body was recovered from the mosque on 20 February, bringing the total killed to 41 with a further 75 injured.
At one point up to 80 people were said to be buried under the rubble which rescuers removed using shovels and their bare hands.
The lightly injured are being treated in hospital in Meknes, and the more seriously wounded have been sent to Fes.
Of the 75 injured, 17 required long term hospitalisation.
A team of psychologists was sent to the site.
The rescue operation was slowed by narrow streets, which prevent the use of heavy machinery, and the fragile state of the walls of neighbouring shops and houses.
Licuala ramsayi is a species of plant in the family Arecaceae; its common name is the Queensland or Australian fan palm.
Petioles have formidable spines to 5mm long.
One of the most cold-tolerant Licuala species and the only one native to Australia.
Tower Chaos is a fantasy role-playing game adventure module.
The heroes try again to assassinate mad King Orr, who is now protected in Tower Chaos.
Dimensions of Flight proceeds this scenario; The Eight Kings is the sequel.
This adventure was part of the Maze of Zayene series, a linked set of four adventures set in the World of Kalibruhn; work on them started in 1986, and they were all published in 1987.
Prisoners of the Maze and Dimensions of Flight were based on adventures that Kuntz had created at college and that had subsequently been run at EastCon in 1983.
When Kuntz partnered with Necromancer Games years later, he was thinking about his unpublished City of Brass but decided it would be easier to begin the Maze of Zayene.
However, there was a several-month delay between the publication of the first and second Zayene adventures.
While the first three Maze of Zayene adventures came out in 2001, the fourth and final book ultimately had to be published by Different Worlds in 2004.
They also feature the evil wizard Zayene, who Kuntz intended to be a recurring villain, constantly returning to bedevil players."
Gaskispor is a sports club located in Gaziantep, Turkey.
The football club plays in the TFF Second League.
The James Madison–Richmond football rivalry is an American college football rivalry between the James Madison Dukes and the Richmond Spiders.
Previously, it was a divisional game in the South division of the Colonial Athletic Association, and conference game in the Yankee Conference and Atlantic 10 beginning with the Dukes entry in 1993.
During this period, the teams have combined for three National Championships (James Madison in 2004 and 2016, Richmond in 2008) and fourteen Conference Championships (James Madison in 1998, 2004, 2008, 2015, 2016, 2017, 2019; Richmond in 1998, 2000, 2005, 2007, 2009, 2012, 2015).
All of James Madison's home games have been hosted at Bridgeforth Stadium in Harrisonburg, Virginia while Richmond hosted its contests at City Stadium until 2009, and from 2010 onward at Robins Stadium, both in Richmond, Virginia; as of 2016, only one game has been played on a neutral field, a 1985 matchup in Norfolk, Virginia.
The rivalry has become increasingly intense over the years, likely due to the stark differences between the two institutions (Large Public School vs. Small Private School), and the continued success of both programs.
On October 24, 2015 the rivalry played host to ESPN College Gameday, as the show was broadcast from the campus of James Madison University before the two teams squared off.
The result of the game was the highest scoring affair to date, with the Spiders beating the Dukes 59-49.
One interesting note in this matchup is the frequency with which the visiting team wins the contest.
In the 27 games these teams have played as conference rivals, the visiting team has won 15 times, including 5 consecutive years from 1993–1997, 6 consecutive years from 2004–2009, and another 3 consecutive years from 2014–2016.
The two teams met again on September 29, 2018, marking the 27th consecutive season they have played as conference foes, and the 33rd consecutive season overall.
James Madison, ranked #2 in the FCS, won by a score of 48–6.
With the victory Madison took the all-time series lead, having won 19 of the 37 matchups between the two.
The Erie Blades name was used by two professional ice hockey teams in Erie, Pennsylvania.
Both teams played their home games in the Erie County Field House.
After the second Blades team folded, the void was filled by the Erie Golden Blades, a team in the Atlantic Coast Hockey League from 1982 to 1987.
They changed the colors from Orange and Black to Gold and Blue with the name change.
Nick Polano was the team's coach both seasons, and returned to coach the second Blades team for its first three seasons.
The Blades won three consecutive league championships during these seasons.
The Blades were then admitted to the American Hockey League for the 1981–82 season.
The AHL Blades continued affiliation with the Pittsburgh Penguins and Boston Bruins.
Lou Angotti replaced Polano as the head coach in 1981.
After a poor season on the ice, the team was relocated to Baltimore, Maryland, merging with the Baltimore Skipjacks of the Atlantic Coast Hockey League, for the 1982–83 season.
Coach Angotti and sixteen players were transferred to the Skipjacks.
is a Japanese dystopian war manga series by Keiji Nakazawa.
Loosely based on Nakazawa's own experiences as a Hiroshima survivor, the series begins in 1945 in and around Hiroshima, Japan, where the six-year-old boy Gen Nakaoka lives with his family.
After Hiroshima is destroyed by atomic bombing, Gen and other survivors are left to deal with the aftermath.
It ran in several magazines, including Weekly Shōnen Jump, from 1973 to 1987.
It was subsequently adapted into three live action film adaptations directed by Tengo Yamada, which were released between 1976 and 1980.
Madhouse released two anime films, one in 1983 and one in 1986.
In 2007, a live action television drama series adaptation aired in Japan on Fuji TV over two nights, August 10 and 11.
In the United States it was published through Educomics in 1982.
Nakazawa went on to serialize the longer, autobiographical Hadashi No Gen (Barefoot Gen) beginning in the June 4, 1973 edition of Weekly Shōnen Jump manga magazine, It was cancelled after a year and a half, and moved to three other less widely distributed magazines: Shimin (Citizen), Bunka Hyōron (Cultural Criticism), and Kyōiku Hyōron (Educational Criticism).
It was published in book collections in Japan beginning in 1975.
Six-year-old Gen Nakaoka and his family live in poverty and struggle to make ends meet.
Gen's father Daikichi urges them to "live like wheat," which always grows strong despite being trod on.
Daikichi is critical of the war.
When he shows up drunk to a mandatory combat drill and talks back to his instructor, the Nakaokas are branded as traitors and become subject to harassment and discrimination by their neighbors.
To restore his family's honor, Gen's older brother Koji joins the Navy against Daikichi's wishes, where he is subjected to a brutal training regimen by his commanding officer and lost one friend who killed himself because of this.
On August 6, the atomic bomb is dropped on Hiroshima.
Gen's father and siblings perish in the fires, but he and his mother escape.
The shock causes her to give premature birth; Gen's new sister is named Tomoko.
In the days following the attack, Gen and his mother witness the horrors wrought by the bomb.
Hiroshima lies in ruins, and the city is full of people dead and dying from severe burns and radiation sickness.
Gen meets a girl named Natsue, whose face has been severely burned.
She attempts to commit suicide, but Gen convinces her to continue living.
Gen and his mother adopt an orphan named Ryuta, who by sheer coincidence looks identical to Gen's deceased younger brother Shinji.
After Gen returns to their burnt-out home and retrieves the remains of his father and siblings, he and his family go to live with Kime's friend Kiyo.
However, Kiyo's crotchety mother-in-law conspires with her grandchildren to drive the Nakaokas out.
Gen looks for work to pay the family's rent.
A man hires him to look after his brother Seiji, who has been burnt from head to toe and lives in squalor.
Though Seiji is reluctant at first, he warms up to Gen over time: The boy learns Seiji is an artist who has lost the will to live because his burns have left him unable to hold a brush.
With Gen's help, Seiji learns to paint with his teeth but, eventually, he dies of his wounds.
On August 14, Emperor Hirohito announces Japan's surrender over the radio, ending the war.
Following Japan's unconditional surrender, American occupation forces arrive to help the nation rebuild.
Gen and Ryuta, fearing rumours they've heard about the Americans, arm themselves with a pistol they find in an abandoned weapons cache.
They learn the Americans aren't as bad as they'd thought when they're given free candy, but they also witness a group of American soldiers harvesting organs from corpses for medical research.
Kiyo's mother-in-law evicts the Nakaokas after Gen gets into a fight with her grandchildren, and they move into an abandoned bomb shelter.
Gen and Ryuta attempt to earn money to feed Tomoko, getting involved with the local Yakuza.
After the Yakuza betray them, Ryuta kills one of them with the pistol they found and becomes a fugitive.
Later, Gen learns that Tomoko has been kidnapped.
He finds her with the help of a classmate, only to learn that she's become ill. Tomoko dies soon after.
In December 1947, Gen is reunited with Ryuta, who has become a juvenile delinquent, doing odd jobs for the Yakuza.
He meets Katsuko, a girl scarred by burns from the bomb.
As an orphan and a hibakusha, she is subject to discrimination and cannot go to school; Gen lends her his books and teaches her himself.
Gen's family suffers as all families do in war.
They must conduct themselves as proper members of society, as all Japanese are instructed in paying tribute to the Emperor.
But because of a belief that their involvement in the war is due to the greed of the rich ruling class, Gen's father rejects the military propaganda and the family comes to be treated as traitors.
Gen's family struggles with their bond of loyalty to each other and to a government that is willing to send teenagers on suicide missions in battle.
This push and pull relationship is seen many times as Gen is ridiculed in school, mimicking his father's views on Japan's role in the war, and then is subsequently punished by his father for spouting things he learned through rote brainwashing in school.
Many of these themes are put into a much harsher perspective when portrayed alongside themes of the struggle between war and peace.
, author of  believes that the characters Katsuko and Natsue coopt but change the stereotypical "Hiroshima Maiden" story, as typified in Black Rain, as although courageous, Katsuko and Natsue are severely scarred both physically and mentally.
Leonard Rifas' EduComics (together with World Color Press) published it that same year as Gen of Hiroshima, the "first full-length translation of a manga from Japanese into English to be published in the West."
It was unpopular, and the series was cancelled after two volumes.
The group Rondo Gen published an Esperanto translation as Nudpieda Gen (Barefoot Gen) in 1982.
The chief translator was Izumi Yukio.
The German Rowohlt Verlag published only the first volume in 1982 under their mass-market label "rororo".
Carlsen Comics tried it again in 2004 but cancelled the publication after four volumes.
Both publishers took the name Barfuß durch Hiroshima (Barefoot through Hiroshima).
The first volume was published in Norwegian in 1986 by GEVION norsk forlag A/S.
The Norwegian title is Gen, Gutten fra Hiroshima (Gen, the Boy from Hiroshima).
A similar edition in Swedish (Gen – Pojken från Hiroshima was published in 1985 by Alvglans förlag, which may have been the earliest published manga in Swedish.
The first volume was published in Finnish in 1985 by Jalava, becoming the first Japanese comic to be published in Finland, but publishing was likewise abandoned.
The Finnish title is Hiroshiman poika (The Son of Hiroshima), and Finnish translation was done by Kaija-Leena Ogihara.
In 2006 Jalava republished the first volume (with its original translation) and continued with publication of second volume.
All 10 volumes were published in Poland by Waneko in 2004–2011 under the title "Hiroszima 1945: Bosonogi Gen".
New Society Publishers produced a second English-language run of the series in graphic novel format (as Barefoot Gen: The Cartoon Story of Hiroshima) starting in 1988.
It focuses on the continuing survival of Gen and orphans in Hiroshima.
Often action, dialogue and the images are almost expressionistic to add to the impact of the film.
The falling of the bomb is shown first from the American point of view which is very orderly and impassive.
Then, when the bomb explodes, the view is from the Japanese showing powerful images of people being graphically vaporized, buildings exploding and multi-color explosions.
Initially released individually on dub-only VHS tape by Streamline Pictures, and then dub-only DVD by Image Entertainment, Geneon eventually sold bilingual versions of the film on DVD as a set.
In July 1996 the first stage adaptation in English was premiered at the Crucible Theatre, Sheffield, UK.
The production was a collaboration between the Crucible Theatre and Theatre Zenshinza, Tokyo, Japan.
In 1994 British theatre director Bryn Jones travelled to Japan to request Mr. Nakazawa's permission to adapt the first volume as a play.
Permission was granted and Jones returned to Sheffield to prepare the production; research, design and dramatisation with the Crucible company, Tatsuo Suzuki and Fusako Kurahara.
Mr. Nakazawa subsequently travelled to the UK to attend final rehearsals and gave post show talks after the opening performances.
The final manuscript was adapted and dramatised by Tatsuo Suzuki and Bryn Jones and translated by Fusako Kurahara.
The production received a Japan Festival Award 1997 for outstanding achievements in furthering the understanding of Japanese culture in the United Kingdom.
The Barefoot Gen anime made TIME magazine's list of top five anime DVDs.
This was reviewed after 44 of 49 school principals polled in the city wanted the restriction removed - the curb was later lifted in August 2013.
Nakazawa’s widow, Misayo, had expressed shock that children’s access to the work was being curbed.
“War is brutal.
Eduardo "Veio" de Lima is a 4th degree black belt in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) under Carlos "Carlinhos" Gracie, Jr. and the head of Gracie Barra Clearwater.
He has won several gold medals in the black belt divisions at the Pan American Championships.
Eduardo began training in BJJ at age nineteen after his friend Renzo Gracie recommended he try a class at the Gracie Barra Academy in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
For the first two years, he studied under Jean Jacques Machado, then the head instructor, who awarded his blue and purple belts before leaving for America.
From then on Carlos Gracie, Jr. was his instructor and awarded his brown and then black belt (the latter in 1997 after 8 years of training).
As a purple belt, Eduardo was made an instructor for white belts and less experienced blue belts, but by the time he was promoted to brown belt, everyone was attending his class, including black belts.
Once he reached the rank of black belt, Eduardo was made the head instructor of Gracie Barra.
Roger Gracie, one of the most successful BJJ competitors today, was one of his pupils in the children's class during his tenure as instructor.
In 2000, with the help of Carlos Gracie, Jr. and American businessman Bob Rosseti, Eduardo came to the United States.
He taught BJJ out of a Taekwondo dojang in Dunedin, Florida until he was able to start his own school in Clearwater, where he teaches today.
While in America, he has trained award-winning white, blue, purple, brown and black belt competitors.
He continues to compete in the Pan American Championships.
He is also a member of the Florida Federation of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu.
.
graciebarraclearwater.com.
URL last accessed on July 20, 2006.
Gracie Barra.
Carlos Gracie Jr Team - Gracie Barra Black Belts.
graciebarra.com.br.
URL last accessed on July 12, 2006.
BJJ.org.
Eduardo de Lima.
bjj.org.
Results, Brazilian Championship 1996,  Pan American Championship 1997, 1998, 1999, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005. cbjj.com.br.
URL last accessed on July 12, 2006.
Florida Federation of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu.
Academies.
floridajiujitsufed.com.
URL last accessed on July 13, 2006.
Skender Hyka (born 6 September 1944 - 5 July 2018) was an Albanian who spent his entire career at his hometown club 17 Nëntori Tirana (present day KF Tirana) as a forward.
He also represented the Albanian national team, although he only earned one senior cap at international level.
He worked for Albanian Football Association as an Executive Committee member and he was head of the Competition Commission since 2009.
He studied at the Institute of Physical Culture and Sport and graduated in 1968, whilst still playing professional football.
He joined the 17 Nëntori Tirana youth setup at the age of 13 in 1957, where he played for the different age groups before being promoted to the first team in the early 1960s.
He scored 60 league goals with 17 Nëntori which at the time of his retirement in 1974 made him the club's all-time top goalscorer (5th as of 2012).
He played in around 400 games.
This was due to the high competition for a place in the attacking positions, especially with the likes of Medin Zhega and Panajot Pano playing in the same time period as Hyka, limiting his chances of being able to play international football.
His only senior appearance came on 8 April 1967 against West Germany in Dortmund, a game which Albania lost 6-0 thanks to four goals by Gerd Müller and a double by Hannes Löhr.
Hyka would not represent Albania again after this game as this was his only international cap.
In 1997 has been Secretary General of the Albanian FA.
From 1992 onwards, a member of the Executive Committee of the Albanian FA.
Skënder Hyka died in July 2018.
Enebakk Avis (The Enebakk Gazette) is a local Norwegian newspaper published in Enebakk in Akershus county.
The company Enebakk Avis AS was launched as its own business by Smaalenene Medier AS.
The first issue of the paper was published on December 22, 1999.
Enebakk Avis is owned by Amedia.
The paper is edited by Gunnleik Seierstad.
Data defined storage (also referred to as a data centric approach) is a marketing term for managing, protecting, and realizing value from data by uniting application, information and storage tiers.
This is achieved through a process of unification, where users, applications and devices gain access to a repository of captured metadata that empowers organizations to access, query and manipulate the critical components of the data to transform it into information, while providing a flexible and scalable platform for storage of the underlying data.
The technology abstracts the data entirely from the storage, allowing full transparent access to users.
Data centric management enables organizations to take a single, unified approach to managing data across large, distributed locations which includes the use of content and metadata indexing.
Data Security & Identity Management: Data defined storage allows organizations to gain end-to-end identity management down to the individual user and device level to address growing enterprise mobility requirements and enhanced data security and information governance.
Distributed Metadata Repository: Data defined storage enables organizations to virtualize aggregate file systems into a single global namespace.
At ingestion; file, full text index and custom metadata is collected and stored in a distributed metadata repository.
This repository is leveraged to enable speed and accuracy of search and discovery, and to extract value leading to informed business decisions and analytics.
Data defined storage builds on the benefits of both object storage and software-defined storage technologies, however, object and software-defined storage can only be mapped to the first of data defined storage's three main pillars: media independent data storage, which enables a media agnostic infrastructure - utilizing any type of storage, including low cost commodity storage to scale out to petabyte-level capacities.
Data defined storage unifies all data repositories and exposes globally distributed stores through the global namespace, eliminating data silos and improving storage utilization.
The first marketing using this term was by Tarmin, in its GridBank product.
The data defined storage term might have been mentioned in 2013.
Tamrin issued press releases about customers.
The data defined storage term was used for object storage with open protocol access for file system virtualization, such as CIFS, NFS, FTP as well as REST APIs and other cloud protocols such as Amazon S3, CDMI and OpenStack.
Młynek  is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brusy, within Chojnice County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.
It lies approximately  west of Brusy,  north of Chojnice, and  south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.
For details of the history of the region, see History of Pomerania.
Fair Hill Training Center is a racehorse training center based in Fair Hill, Maryland.
It was owned by William du Pont, Jr. of the well-known Du Pont family, who bought the land in 1926.
Dupont invested a substantial amount of money to make the property a leading breeding and training farm for his Thoroughbred racehorses.
The State of Maryland purchased Fair Hill in 1974, converting the then  property into an equine training complex and a natural resource center.
There are 17 privately owned barns, with more than 450 stalls.
Each barn has its own set of turn out paddocks and porta pens.
Barns here at Fair Hill were individually named after some of the du Pont thoroughbred champions such as Parlo, Chevation and Fairy Chant.
There are two race tracks: a mile dirt track and a 7/8ths mile track with an artificial surface (Tapeta).
The campus also includes 3,000 acres (12 km²) of grasslands and woods which can be used by trainers who wish to take their horses out on trails.
Freeze is an unincorporated community in Latah County, in the U.S. state of Idaho.
The community was named for the Freeze (or Freese) family of pioneer settlers.
Dáire Drechlethan "Dáire of the Broad Face" is a King of Tara listed in the Old Irish Baile Chuinn Chétchathaig.
His identity with any king of Tara from Irish legend remains uncertain because his epithet is unique in the surviving corpus.
However, three candidates have recently been proposed, the most likely being Dáire Doimthech, a well known king of Tara from Irish legend.
His kindred, the Dáirine or Corcu Loígde, believed to be related to the Érainn, provided a number of powerful kings of Tara in the early period, and this could not be ignored by the Uí Néill compilers of the list.
A descendant (or ancestor) of Dáire Doimthech, Mac Con moccu Lugaid Loígde, is also listed in BCC.
Dáire Doimthech is also called Dáire Sírchréchtach or Sírdréchtach often in the tales and genealogies, where he is prominent as an ancestral figure.
On the other hand, he is regarded as an ancestor deity of the Érainn by scholars following the theories of T. F. O'Rahilly.
The alternative candidates are first Dáire mac Cormaic, a son of the famous Cormac mac Airt, an early ancestor of the Uí Néill.
Nowhere mentioned in legend as a king of Tara, he is only proposed on the basis of BCC apparently exhibiting bias in favour of Dál Cuinn candidates.
The second is Dáire Barrach son of Cathair Mór, eponymous ancestor of the Uí Bairrche, a Laigin dynasty.
Although also nowhere described as a king of Tara, it is also recognized that overlordship of the region in which it lays was won from the Laigin by the Uí Néill, and that a number of Laigin kings of Tara are probably missing from BCC.
At the same time this anti-Laiginian bias may make Dáire Barrach the least likely candidate.
On the other hand, his son Muiredach Sníthe and grandson Móenach are listed as kings of Tara in the Leinster regnal poem Nidu dír dermait.
But see also Laidcenn mac Bairchid.
), The Kingship and Landscape of Tara.
Dublin: Four Courts Press for The Discovery Programme.
2005. pp.
Dublin: Four Courts Press.
2nd revised edition, 2001.
Thomas Charles-Edwards, Early Christian Ireland.
Cambridge University Press.
2000.
Eoin MacNeill, Celtic Ireland.
Academy Press.
1981 (reissue with new intro.
and notes by Donnchadh Ó Corráin of original Martin Lester Ltd edition, 1921).
Ailbhe Mac Shamhráin and Paul Byrne, "Prosopography I: Kings named in Baile Chuinn Chétchathaig and the Airgíalla Charter Poem", in Edel Bhreathnach (ed.
), The Kingship and Landscape of Tara.
Dublin: Four Courts Press for The Discovery Programme.
2005. pp.
Michael A. O'Brien (ed.)
with intr.
by John V. Kelleher, Corpus genealogiarum Hiberniae.
DIAS.
1976.
/ partial digital edition: Donnchadh Ó Corráin (ed.
), Genealogies from Rawlinson B 502.
University College, Cork: Corpus of Electronic Texts.
1997.
T. F. O'Rahilly, Early Irish History and Mythology.
Dublin Institute for Advanced Studies.
1946.
Category:Legendary High Kings of Ireland
Patrick Kavanagh (21 October 1904 – 30 November 1967) was an Irish poet and novelist.
His best-known works include the novel Tarry Flynn, and the poems "On Raglan Road" and "The Great Hunger".
He is known for his accounts of Irish life through reference to the everyday and commonplace.
His grandfather was a schoolteacher called "Kevany", which a local priest changed to "Kavanagh" at his baptism.
The grandfather had to leave the area following a scandal and never taught in a national school again, but married and raised a family in Tullamore.
Patrick Kavanagh's father, James, was a cobbler and farmer.
Kavanagh's brother Peter became a university professor and writer, two of their sisters were teachers, three became nurses, and one became a nun.
Patrick Kavanagh was a pupil at Kednaminsha National School from 1909 to 1916, leaving in the sixth year at the age of 13.
He became apprenticed to his father as a shoemaker and worked on his farm.
He was also goalkeeper for the Inniskeen Gaelic football team.
He later reflected: "Although the literal idea of the peasant is of a farm labouring person, in fact a peasant is all that mass of mankind which lives below a certain level of consciousness.
They live in the dark cave of the unconscious and they scream when they see the light."
He also commented that, although he had grown up in a poor district, "the real poverty was lack of enlightenment [and] I am afraid this fog of unknowing affected me dreadfully."
Kavanagh had encountered a copy of the Irish Statesman, edited by George William Russell, who published under the pen name AE and was a leader of the Irish Literary Revival.
Russell at first rejected Kavanagh's work but encouraged him to keep submitting, and he went on to publish verse by Kavanagh in 1929 and 1930.
This inspired the farmer to leave home and attempt to further his aspirations.
In 1931, he walked 80 miles (abt.
129 kilometres) to meet Russell in Dublin, where Kavanagh's brother was a teacher.
Russell gave Kavanagh books, among them works by Feodor Dostoyevsky, Victor Hugo, Walt Whitman, Ralph Waldo Emerson and Robert Browning, and became Kavanagh's literary adviser.
Kavanagh joined Dundalk Library and the first book he borrowed was The Waste Land by T. S. Eliot.
Kavanagh's first collection, Ploughman and Other Poems, was published in 1936.
It is notable for its realistic portrayal of Irish country life, free of the romantic sentiment often seen at the time in rural poems, a trait he abhorred.
Published by Macmillan in its series on new poets, the book expressed a commitment to colloquial speech and the unvarnished lives of real people, which made him unpopular with the literary establishment.
Two years after his first collection was published he had yet to make a significant impression.
The Times Literary Supplement described him as "a young Irish poet of promise rather than of achievement," and The Spectator commented that, "like other poets admired by A.E., he writes much better prose than poetry.
Mr Kavanagh's lyrics are for the most part slight and conventional, easily enjoyed but almost as easily forgotten."
In 1938 Kavanagh went to London.
He remained there for about five months.
The Green Fool, a loosely autobiographical novel, was published in 1938 and Kavanagh was accused of libel.
Oliver St. John Gogarty sued Kavanagh for his description of his first visit to Gogarty's home: "I mistook Gogarty's white-robed maid for his wife or his mistress; I expected every poet to have a spare wife."
Gogarty, who had taken offence at the close coupling of the words "wife" and "mistress", was awarded £100 in damages.
The book, which recounted Kavanagh's rural childhood and his attempts to become a writer, received international recognition and good reviews.
However, it was also claimed to be somewhat 'anti-Catholic' in tone, to which Kavanagh reacted by demanding that the work be prominently displayed in Dublin book shop windows.
In 1939 Kavanagh settled in Dublin.
In his biography John Nemo describes Kavanagh's encounter with the city's literary world: "he realized that the stimulating environment he had imagined was little different from the petty and ignorant world he had left.
He soon saw through the literary masks many Dublin writers wore to affect an air of artistic sophistication.
To him such men were dandies, journalists, and civil servants playing at art.
His disgust was deepened by the fact that he was treated as the literate peasant he had been rather than as the highly talented poet he believed he was in the process of becoming".
In 1942 he published his long poem The Great Hunger, which describes the privations and hardship of the rural life he knew well.
Although it was rumoured at the time that all copies of Horizon, the literary magazine in which it was published, were seized by the Garda Síochána, Kavanagh denied that this had occurred, saying later that he was visited by two Gardaí at his home (probably in connection with an investigation of Horizon under the Special Powers Act).
Written from the viewpoint of a single peasant against the historical background of famine and emotional despair, the poem is often held by critics to be Kavanagh's finest work.
It set out to counter the saccharine romanticising of the Irish literary establishment in its view of peasant life.
Richard Murphy in The New York Times Book Review described it as "a great work" and Robin Skelton in Poetry praised it as "a vision of mythic intensity".
Kavanagh worked as a part-time journalist, writing a gossip column in the Irish Press under the pseudonym Piers Plowman from 1942 to 1944 and acted as film critic for the same publication from 1945 to 1949.
In 1946 the Archbishop of Dublin, John Charles McQuaid, found Kavanagh a job on the Catholic magazine The Standard.
McQuaid continued to support him throughout his life.
Tarry Flynn, a semi-autobiographical novel, was published in 1948 and was banned for a time.
It is a fictional account of rural life.
It was later made into a play, performed at the Abbey Theatre in 1966.
In late 1946 Kavanagh moved to Belfast, where he worked as a journalist and as a barman in a number of public houses in the Falls Road area.
During this period he lodged in the Beechmount area in a house where he was related to the tenant through the tenant's brother-in-law in Ballymackney, County Monaghan.
Before returning to Dublin in November 1949 he presented numerous manuscripts to the family, all of which are now believed to be in Spain.
Kavanagh's personality became progressively quixotic as his drinking increased over the years and his health deteriorated.
Eventually becoming a dishevelled figure, he moved among the bars of Dublin, drinking whiskey and displaying his predilection for turning on benefactors and friends.
The Envoy'''s offices were at 39 Grafton Street, but most of the journal's business was conducted in a nearby pub, McDaid's, which Kavanagh subsequently adopted as his local.
Through Envoy he came into contact with a circle of young artists and intellectuals including Anthony Cronin, Patrick Swift, John Jordan and the sculptor Desmond MacNamara, whose bust of Kavanagh is in the Irish National Writers Museum.
Kavanagh often referred to these times as the period of his "poetic rebirth".
In 1952 Kavanagh published his own journal, Kavanagh’s Weekly: A Journal of Literature and Politics, in conjunction with, and financed by, his brother Peter.
It ran to some 13 issues, from 12 April to 5 July 1952.
First, he sued The Leader for publishing a portrait of him as an alcoholic sponger.
The highly skilled lawyer John A. Costello, acting in defence of The Leader, won the case when it came to trial.
(Costello had been Attorney General of Ireland (1926–1932) and later became Taoiseach (1948–1951 and 1954–1957).
He and Kavanagh eventually became good friends.)
Second, shortly after Kavanagh lost this case, he was diagnosed with lung cancer and was admitted to hospital, where he had a lung removed.
It was while recovering from this operation by relaxing on the banks of the Grand Canal in Dublin that Kavanagh rediscovered his poetic vision.
He began to appreciate nature and his surroundings, and took his inspiration from them for many of his later poems.
Patrick Swift, on a visit to Dublin in 1956, was invited by Kavanagh to look at the typescript.
Swift then arranged for the poems to be published in the English literary journal Nimbus(19 poems were published).
This proved a turning point and Kavanagh began receiving the acclaim that he had always felt he deserved.
His next collection, Come Dance with Kitty Stobling, was directly linked to the mini-collection in Nimbus.
Between 1959 and 1962 Kavanagh spent more time in London, where he contributed to Swift's X magazine.
During this period Kavanagh occasionally stayed with the Swifts in Westbourne Terrace.
He gave lectures at University College Dublin and in the United States, represented Ireland at literary symposiums, and became a judge of the Guinness Poetry Awards.
In London he often stayed with his publisher, Martin Green, and Green's wife Fiona, in their house in Tottenham Street, Fitzrovia.
It was at this time that Martin Green produced Kavanagh's Collected Poems (1964) with prompting from Patrick Swift and Anthony Cronin".
In the introduction Kavanagh wrote: "A man innocently dabbles in words and rhymes, and finds that it is his life."
Kavanagh fell ill at the first performance of Tarry Flynn by the Abbey Theatre company in Dundalk Town Hall and died a few days later, on 30 November 1967, in a Dublin nursing home.
His grave is in Inniskeen adjoining the Patrick Kavanagh Centre.
His wife Katherine died in 1989; she is also buried there.
Heaney was introduced to Kavanagh's work by the writer Michael McLaverty when they taught together at St Thomas's, Belfast.
Heaney and Kavanagh shared a belief in the capacity of the local, or parochial, to reveal the universal.
Heaney once said that Kavanagh's poetry "had a transformative effect on the general culture and liberated the gifts of the poetic generations who came after him."
Heaney noted: "Kavanagh is a truly representative modern figure in that his subversiveness was turned upon himself: dissatisfaction, both spiritual and artistic, is what inspired his growth.... His instruction and example helped us to see an essential difference between what he called the parochial and provincial mentalities".
As Kavanagh put it: "All great civilizations are based on the parish".
He concludes that Kavanagh's poetry vindicates his "indomitable faith in himself and in the art that made him so much more than himself".
The actor Russell Crowe has stated that he is a fan of Kavanagh.
He commented: "I like the clarity and the emotiveness of Kavanagh.
I like how he combines the kind of mystic into really clear, evocative work that can make you glad you are alive".
On 24 February 2002, after winning the BAFTA Award for Best Actor in a Leading Role for his performance in A Beautiful Mind, Crowe quoted Kavanagh during his acceptance speech at the 55th British Academy Film Awards.
When he became aware that the Kavanagh quote had been cut from the final broadcast, Crowe became aggressive with the BBC producer responsible, Malcolm Gerrie.
He said: "it was about a one minute fifty speech but they've cut a minute out of it".
When the Irish Times compiled a list of favourite Irish poems in 2000, ten of Kavanagh's poems were in the top 50, and he was rated the second favourite poet behind W. B. Yeats.
Kavanagh's poem "On Raglan Road", set to the traditional air "Fáinne Geal an Lae", composed by Thomas Connellan in the 17th century, has been performed by numerous artists as diverse as Van Morrison, Luke Kelly, Dire Straits, Billy Bragg, Sinéad O'Connor, Joan Osborne and many others.
Every 17 March, after the St Patrick's day parade, a group of Kavanagh's friends gather at the Kavanagh seat on the banks of the Grand Canal at Mespil road in his honour.
The seat was erected by his friends, led by John Ryan and Denis Dwyer, in 1968.
A bronze sculpture of the writer stands outside the Palace Bar on Dublin's Fleet Street.
There is also a statue of Patrick Kavanagh located outside the Irish pub and restaurant, Raglan Road, at Walt Disney World's Downtown Disney in Orlando, Florida.
His poetic tribute to his friend the Irish American sculptor Jerome Connor was used in the plaque overlooking Dublin's Phoenix Park dedicated to Connor.
The Patrick Kavanagh Poetry Award is presented each year for an unpublished collection of poems.
The annual Patrick Kavanagh Weekend takes place on the last weekend in September in Inniskeen, County Monaghan, Ireland.
The Patrick Kavanagh Centre, an interpretative centre set up to commemorate the poet, is located in Inniskeen.
The purchase was enabled by a public appeal for funds by the late Professor Gus Martin.
He included in the sale his original hand press which he had built.
The archive is housed in a special collections room in UCD's library, and the hand press is on loan to the Patrick Kavanagh Centre, Inniskeen.
Later literary material containing verses, novels, articles, lectures, published works, galley page proofs, Kavanagh’s Weekly, and adaptations of Kavanagh’s work (1940–67).
Documents concerning libel case of Kavanagh v The Leader (1952–54).
Personal correspondence, including with his sisters, Peter Kavanagh, Katherine Barry Moloney (1947–67).
Printed material, press cuttings, publications, personal memorabilia, and tape recordings (1940–67).
Peter Kavanagh's papers include  thesis, plays, autobiographical writing, and printed material, personal and general correspondence memorabilia, tape recordings, galley proofs (1941–82) and family memorabilia (1872–1967).
The proceeds of the trust are used to support deserving writers.
The Trustees are Leland Bardwell, Patrick MacEntee, Eiléan Ní Chuilleanáin, Eunan O'Halpin, and Macdara Woods.
This was disputed by the late Peter Kavanagh who continued publishing his work after Patrick's death.
This dispute led some books to go out of print.
Most of his work is now available in the UK and Ireland but the status in the United States is more uncertain.
Irish Independent.
16 October 2004.
Retrieved 13 August 2010.
Andrea Galgano, "Il cielo di Patrick Kavanagh", "Mosaico" (Aracne, Roma, 2013, pp.
"Portrait of Patrick Kavanagh".
Grove City is a borough in Mercer County, Pennsylvania, United States, located approximately  north of Pittsburgh and  south of Erie.
It is also the home to George Junior Republic, an all-boys institution.
GJR serves to house, school, and treat 400 boys from troubled backgrounds.
Historically a traditional industrial center, Grove City has manufactured locomotive engines, carriages, gas engines, foundry products, and motor trucks.
The nearby Grove City Premium Outlets take their name from Grove City.
At the 2010 census, the population was 8,322.
Grove City is part of the Youngstown-Warren-Boardman, OH-PA Metropolitan Statistical Area.
The population density was 3,069.7 people per square mile (1,169.1/km2).
There were 2,745 housing units at an average density of 1,035.1 per square mile (399.9/km2).
The racial makeup of the borough was 97.32% White, 0.64% African American, 0.06% Native American, 1.08% Asian, 0.02% Pacific Islander,0.14% from other races, and 0.74% from two or more races.
Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.54% of the population.
There were 2,575 households, out of which 26.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.6% were married couples living together, 8.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.4% were non-families.
35.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.
The average household size was 2.25 and the average family size was 2.94.
In the borough the population was spread out, with 16.7% under the age of 18, 31.8% from 18 to 24, 20.2% from 25 to 44, 14.6% from 45 to 64, and 16.7% who were 65 years of age or older.
The median age was 27 years.
For every 100 females there were 90.5 males.
For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.8 males.
The median income for a household in the borough was $34,598, and the median income for a family was $46,676.
Males had a median income of $36,467 versus $21,934 for females.
The per capita income for the borough was $16,365.
About 4.8% of families and 8.5% of the population were below the poverty line, including 8.1% of those under age 18 and 6.4% of those age 65 or over.
Michael Paliotta (born April 6, 1993) is an American professional ice hockey defenseman.
He is currently playing with the Binghamton Devils of the American Hockey League (AHL).
Paliotta was selected by the Chicago Blackhawks in the 3rd round (70th overall) of the 2011 NHL Entry Draft.
On March 26, 2015, the Chicago Blackhawks signed Paliotta to two-year contract, and on April 11, 2015 he made his NHL debut skating against the Colorado Avalanche in the Blackhawks' final game of the 2014–15 regular season.
Paliotta was among the Blackhawks train on squad during the playoffs, in which the Blackhawks claimed their third championship in six years.
His tenure with Chicago was short-lived as on June 30, 2015, he was included in the trade of Brandon Saad to the Columbus Blue Jackets in exchange for Jeremy Morin, Marko Dano, Artem Anisimov, Corey Tropp and a fourth-round draft pick in 2016.
After one season with the Blue Jackets, and having completed his entry-level contract, Paliotta was not tendered a qualifying offer to remain with the club.
As a free agent Paliotta was signed to a one-year, two-way contract with the New York Rangers on July 1, 2016.
He spent the duration of the 2016–17 season, with AHL affiliate, the Hartford Wolf Pack.
On July 14, 2017, Paliotta signed as a free agent to a one-year AHL contract with the Toronto Marlies.
He appeared in 8 scoreless games with the Marlies to start the 2017–18 season before he was traded to the Texas Stars on January 11, 2018.
Paliotta went un-signed from the Texas Stars over the summer, before agreeing as a free agent to a one-year AHL contract with the Stockton Heat, affiliate to the Calgary Flames on September 14, 2018.
In the 2018–19 season, Pailotta recorded 4 assists in 32 games from the blueline for the Heat.
At the conclusion of his contract with the Heat, Paliotta familiarly continued his journeyman career, agreeing to a one-year AHL contract with the Binghamton Devils, affiliate to the New Jersey Devils, on August 29, 2019.
Aceprometazine (INN) is a phenothiazine derivative prescription drug with neuroleptic and anti-histamine properties It is not widely prescribed, and may be associated with drug-induced Parkinsonism.
It may be used in combination with meprobamate for the treatment of sleep disorders.
This combination is available in France under the trade name Mepronizine.
It is structurally related to the phenothiazine derivative veterinary drug acepromazine.
Kim Tae-Woo (Hangul: 김태우, Hanja: 金泰雨; born March 7, 1962 in Gimje, Jeollabuk-do) is a retired South Korean freestyle wrestler, four-time Olympian and Olympic Bronze  Medalist.
Kim represented South Korea for 15 years in freestyle wrestling and is considered the greatest South Korean heavyweight wrestler of all time.
Kim won two consecutive gold medals in the freestyle wrestling 100 kg class at the Asian Games (1990 and 1994).
However, Kim was given a nickname unlucky fourth place player, finishing in fourth place at the 1991 World Wrestling Championships,  1992 Summer Olympics, 1993 World Wrestling Championships and 1996 Asian Wrestling Championships.
Kim officially retired from competitive wrestling after the 1996 Summer Olympics and began his coach career.
He was named the head coach of the South Korean national freestyle wrestling team for the 2000 Summer Olympics and 2002 Asian Games.
Kim currently lives in Dallas, Texas, running his own business.
Rahul Sapru (born 13 June 1964) is an Indian former first-class cricketer who played for Uttar Pradesh.
After retirement, he worked as a selector for Uttar Pradesh and in the technical committee of the Board of Control for Cricket in India.
He went on to represent the team over 16 subsequent seasons, also captaining in many matches.
Playing for Central Zone in the 1996–97 Duleep Trophy, Sapru made 85 and 100 not out in the semifinal against West Zone, followed by a match-winning second-innings 161 in the final against South Zone which helped his team register a 161-run win.
He played a total of 98 first-class matches in his career, scoring over 6000 runs at an average of over 49 along with 18 centuries.
Sapru became a member of the five-member senior selection committee of Uttar Pradesh Cricket Association in 2010.
He has worked for the Board of Control for Cricket in India as a Central Zone representative of the technical committee.
He has also worked as a match referee in domestic matches.
The Jietou incident (German: Jietou Zwischenfall) was a conflict in which a German missionary, Georg Maria Stenz, was held captive and injured.
It lasted from November 8 to 11, 1898 and took place in the village of Jietou (衖头镇) in Rizhao, Shandong, China.
The Marcus P. Beebe Library, located at Main St. and 2nd Ave. in Ipswich, South Dakota, was built in 1930-1931.
It is also known as the Ipswich Public Library.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
Architect Allen E. Erickson designed the building and it was built under supervision of John D. Williams.
It is a one-and-a-half-story half-timbered Tudor Revival building with walls made of granite stone.
Silje Ekroll Jahren (born 10 May 1988) is a Norwegian orienteering competitor and junior world champion.
She won a gold medal in the relay at the 2007 Junior World Orienteering Championships in Dubbo, Australia, together with Kine Hallan Steiwer and Siri Ulvestad, in a close race with the Swedish team.
She received a silver medal in sprint at the 2008 Junior World Orienteering Championships in Gothenburg, Sweden, finishing less than two seconds behind winner Emma Klingenberg.
She competed at the 2012 World Orienteering Championships.
In the sprint competition she qualified for the final, where he placed 10th.
Her mother club is Raumar (Ullensaker), but she now represents Sävedalen AIK.
She has also competed in cross-country skiing, for Ullensaker SK.
An open data portal is any online platform which supports users in accessing collections of open data.
Typical open data portals present the data of the organization which hosts the portal.
Government organizations sometimes host open data portals as a way of meeting their regional freedom of information legal requirements.
Another common use case is open data portals for sharing data in some field of research for the benefit of other researchers.
In the European Union there is a central open data portal which connects anyone to the regional and subject specific data portals for various matters of government.
In the United States all the states and many cities offer open data portals.
A report on the open data portal emphasized the need to develop the culture of appreciation of open data.
A review of open data portals in Australia found variation in what the portals offered and how they operated.
There is a portal for systems chemistry biology.
On June 5, 2013, a building undergoing demolition collapsed onto the neighbouring Salvation Army Thrift Store at the southeast corner of 22nd and Market Streets in Center City, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, trapping a number of people under the rubble.
The store was open and full of shoppers and staff.
Six people died and fourteen others were injured.
The construction contractor, Griffin Campbell, and excavator operator, Sean Benschop, were charged with involuntary manslaughter and other charges.
They were found guilty of manslaughter, and Campbell and Benschop received prison sentences of 15 years to 30 years, and 7.5 years to 15 years, respectively.
This property is owned by Richard Basciano through his development corporation, STB Investments.
2138 Market was adjacent to the one-story 2140 Market Street building, which had a Salvation Army thrift store operating on the ground and basement levels.
The store was open and full of shoppers and staff.
On May 31, 2013, the property manager for STB, Thom Simmonds, emailed Plato Marinakos, an architect for STB, stating that Basciano visited that day and noticed no one was working.
He indicated that Basciano would visit the site again that weekend and asked Marinakos to advise.
The emails indicated that Basciano returned to the site on June 2 and was pleased to see progress.
An 18-ton motorized excavator had been moved on to the site.
After being granted immunity by the Grand Jury, Marinakos testified that on June 4, Griffin Campbell called for a progress payment.
Marinakos then went to the site at 6 p.m. on June 4 and was alarmed to see an unsupported brick wall looming next to the Salvation Army building.
Marinakos then testified that he told Campbell to take the wall down immediately, "I was like, 'Griffin, you can't leave this wall here.
This is just crazy.
I mean, you can't do that.'"
The buildings crashed down with crumbling brick and wood snapping.
Six people died and 14 people were injured.
A 61-year-old woman was trapped for 13 hours and then hospitalized at Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania in critical condition.
The 13 other injuries were minor.
After the collapse, an 18-year-old high school student who had been walking by the building when it collapsed rushed to the scene and spent 15 minutes trying to free people from the rubble before emergency crews arrived.
During a search-and-rescue operation, rescuers used buckets and their bare hands to move through bricks and rubble until the following morning.
It was soon discovered that surveillance video from the front of a SEPTA bus operating eastbound on Market Street between 23rd and 22nd Streets had captured the scene at the moment of collapse.
Up to a minute of this footage was released by SEPTA to news media outlets in July.
Roseline Conteh, 52, nurse and immigrant from Sierra Leone.
Bobor Davis, 68, had worked for the Salvation Army for 5 years.
Kimberly Finnegan, 35, cashier working her first shift at the Salvation Army thrift store.
Juanita Harmon, 75, a retired secretary at the University of Pennsylvania.
Mary Simpson, 24, audio engineer.
Died on a shopping trip with Anne Bryan.
His death was ruled a suicide.
Subsequent reports indicated that Ronald Wagenhoffer had reported he visited the site on May 14 and found no violations.
At the time, the city did not require demolition contractors to establish their qualifications.
On June 7, Philadelphia Mayor Michael Nutter held a press conference and issued two press statements in which he apologized to the dead and their families as well as the injured survivors and their families.
Nutter also announced new demolition rules and standards designed to prevent similar tragedies.
The new rules will require the same level of city monitoring and contractor expertise at private demolition sites that have been required during demolition at public sites.
The new rules will prohibit contractors from using heavy machinery to demolish buildings adjacent to occupied structures, which was done at the 22nd and Market demolition.
City inspectors were sent to over 300 demolition sites to check for safety violations.
Mayor Nutter said City Inspector General Amy Kurlan will begin an investigation of the collapse and government failings that contributed to it.
Most of the emails also were copied to City Deputy Mayor Alan Greenberger and his top development aide, John Mondlak.
STB sought access to the Salvation Army property in order to conduct demolition operations safely.
The two parties could not reach an agreement; however, STB initiated demolition nonetheless.
On May 22, Thomas Simmonds of STB emailed Deputy Mayor Greenberger, whose duties as deputy mayor for economic development included overseeing the city's Department of Licences and Inspections, saying that 2138 Market was in a state of partial demolition that created "a situation that poses a threat to life and limb", and "This nonsense must end before someone is seriously injured or worse: those are headlines none of us want to see or read."
but the city took no action and STB proceeded with the demolition.
Other emails indicated that the Salvation Army was also warned of the danger of collapse, but was in a long running dispute with STB regarding access to its building.
Shortly after these emails were published in the Inquirer, the City of Philadelphia released numerous documents relating to the collapse.
On December 17, the Philadelphia Inquirer reported that they had obtained additional emails tied to the collapse, and which had been seen by the Grand Jury, which indicated the impatience of the developer with the pace of demolition and the demolition contractor's request for progress payments.
An April 23 email indicated that Plato Marinakos, architect for STB, was getting bids for asphalt so that once demolition was complete, a parking lot could be installed.
An April 29 email indicated that Richard Basciano, the STB owner, had stopped by the site and was "shocked that the buildings were still standing," and demanded progress.
Several other of the emails also emphasize the desire of the owners to get the demolition completed.
On May 22 Thom Simmonds emailed Alex Wolfington, a consultant to STB, opposing further negotiations with the Salvation Army:  "Why?..Waste more time?
Wait for someone to be killed?
You can do what you want but I am NOT backing off with these people and their half-baked charity.
Perhaps you have the time and/or desire to 'deal' with their idiotic behavior.
I don't and I won't.
I have to look after the interests of the Owners - Richard and his daughters."
A blood test performed after the collapse when he admitted to taking codeine and percocet, revealed marijuana in his system.
Benschop turned himself in to police later that day.
On June 10, Philadelphia District Attorney Seth Williams convened a grand jury to investigate the circumstances that led to the collapse, a step that may result in criminal charges against responsible individuals.
On Sunday, June 16, the Philadelphia Inquirer ran an editorial calling for the investigations of the Market Street collapse to look at top officials and property owners.
The Inquirer said, "it was disheartening to hear a former mayor, Ed Rendell, defend Richard Basciano, who owns the building that fell through the thrift shop."
Mr. Williams said that the collapse occurred because the building's structural supports, including some of its wooden joists, had been removed early in the demolition, leaving walls and floors without adequate support.
Mr. Campbell was being paid a flat fee for the demolition and was intent on doing the work as cheaply as possible while saving scrap from the building for resale.
According to an ABC web report "The building owner who chose Campbell's $112,000 bid to take down three attached storefronts - when other bids were two or three times that amount - was not charged Monday.
However, the grand jury has not finished its work, and Williams declined comment on whether owner Richard Basciano could be charged."
Richard Basciano, a commercial developer previously dubbed the pornography king of New York's Times Square, owned the three adjacent, long run-down buildings being demolished by Griffin Campbell to make way for redevelopment.
Plato Marinakos the architect who had been retained by STB, had secured the demolition permit from City Hall, testified before the grand jury after he was promised immunity.
In October 2014, Campbell was convicted of involuntary manslaughter and other charges.
On January 8, 2016, he was sentenced to 15 years to 30 years imprisonment, and Sean Benschop received a sentence of 7.5 years to 15 years imprisonment for involuntary manslaughter charges.
The Philadelphia Inquirer reported that David Michaels, assistant U.S. secretary of labor for occupational safety and health said "This tragic incident could and should have been prevented,"  "We should not be here today."
According to the Philadelphia Inquirer  "Michaels also said the agency had begun discussions with the Justice Department about possible prosecutions, on top of a local grand-jury investigation that the District Attorney's Office initiated in June.
OSHA levied the maximum fine possible against the Campbell firm - $70,000 - for each of what regulators determined were three "willful violations" of basic safety requirements: failing to prepare an engineering study for the demolition project; disobeying a rule requiring higher stories to be removed before demolition begins on lower floors; and removing lateral bracing, provided by the floors, to support walls more than one story high.
Removal of lateral bracing is a safety breach so "egregious," OSHA regulators said, that the penalty was levied twice, for violations on two separate days.
Additional citations for hard-hat violations, inadequate fall protection, and stair inspections pushed Campbell's total fines to $313,000.
S&R was fined $84,000 for one "willful" violation of lateral bracing requirements, and two "serious" violations related to training and failure to protect employees from falls."
In response to the charges, Griffin Campbell's attorney, William Hobson noted that "Inspectors from both OSHA and the city's Department of Licenses and Inspections had visited the Market Street site repeatedly while the demolition was underway, Hobson said, "and neither OSHA nor L&I ever shut down what was a safely-conceived demolition of the buildings.
.
.
City officials began inspecting hundreds of demolition sites throughout the city.
The demolition contractor violated several federal safety regulations and it was said that the building's owner should have picked a more qualified and competent contractor to do the work.
On September 3, 2013, a wrongful death complaint was filed by George Simpson, brother and administrator for the estate of Mary Lea Simpson.
Mary Simpson, age twenty-four, was one of six people killed in the collapse.
A set of defendants named in the lawsuit are the Salvation Army in Greater Philadelphia, The Trustees of the Salvation Army in Pennsylvania, The Salvation Army Eastern Territory, and the National Headquarters of the Salvation Army.
Also named was Alistair Fraser,the Operations Manager for the Salvation Army Eastern Territory, responsible for architectural and/or engineering issues for the Salvation Army Thrift Store.
Defendants Charles Deitrick and John Cranford are respectively the General Secretary and Administrator of the Salvation Army.
The couple held a press conference and called for answers, including the creation of an independent blue ribbon panel to investigate the City's Department of Licenses and Inspections.
These are the individual stages of the 2008 Vuelta a España, with Stage 1 on 30 August and Stage 11 on 10 September.
The Italian  team was the unexpected winner of the team time trial.
They finished in 8' 21", more than ten seconds clear of the supposed favorites  and .
also finished well; the Basques were eight seconds back of Liquigas at the end, for second place, despite having the best time at the intermediate time check.
Filippo Pozzato donned the first golden jersey at the head of the General classification.
The cyclists took two laps of this circuit before the final finishing line.
It was thought that it would ensure a sprint finish.
Just as he had in the Tour de France earlier in the season, Alejandro Valverde won the first regular stage of the Vuelta.
The successful breakaway of the day involved Jesús Rosendo, Egoi Martínez, Cyril Lemoine, and Mikhail Ignatiev.
They held a maximum advantage of 4' 30" on the main field, but were caught 20 kilometers before the finish.
Valverde's Caisse d'Epargne teammates successfully cracked the main field on the way into Jaén, launching attacks that kept anyone but Valverde going clear, as he did, with a 2 second advantage on the field.
Thanks to that and time bonuses at the line, Valverde took the overall lead in the race.
Stage 3 1 September 2008 – Jaén to Córdoba, 168 km This stage was gently undulating until the third category climb up San Jerónimo, which began 26 kilometers from the finish line.
It was thought that this might break up the field and keep a mass sprint from happening, which partially came true.
Andalucía-Cajasur rider Manuel Ortega broke away from the main field almost immediately after the official start of the stage.
Alone, he held a maximum advantage of over 15 minutes before the pack, paced by the race leader's team Caisse d'Epargne, began to draw him back.
Their pace was extremely lax, slower than the slowest predicted team by the Vuelta's organizers, but eventually they did begin to reel Ortega in.
Liquigas later came forward to set a faster pace, one that cracked about a third of the field on the way up the Alto de San Jerónimo climb.
A breakaway led by Paolo Bettini caught Ortega with 17 kilometers to go, but Bettini's breakaway itself was caught 4 kilometers in front of the line.
A bunched sprint saw Tom Boonen win the stage.
There were two third-category climbs along the way, but the final 60 kilometers were almost perfectly flat, and a bunched sprint finish was expected.
An Andalucía-Cajasur rider again launched a solo attack that kept him out in front of the field for most of the day.
For this stage, that rider was José Antonio López, who broke away at the 9 kilometer mark and attained a maximum advantage of 8' 06" as the bunch took it easy for the first two and a half hours before finally increasing their speed.
The field was paced by the race leader's team Liquigas as well as the team of the man who won the stage the previous day and poised to do so again, Tom Boonen's Quick Step mates.
López held on as long as he could, and was caught at the 8 kilometers to go mark.
Another classic sprint finish saw the stage victory go to race leader Daniele Bennati.
A crash at the 3 kilometers to go mark fractured the field and limited the riders who could contest the finish to those already at the front of the pack.
It was predicted that the winner would have an average of speed of over 50 km/h.
The early time to beat was set by Manuel Quinziato of Liquigas, blowing away the times that had come before him by more than a minute.
Around an hour after Quinziato's ride, a pack of General classification favorites took the course, and the first of them, Astana's Levi Leipheimer, clocked in 33 seconds better than Quinziato, and held on to win the stage as well as the next golden jersey.
The only other man to beat Quinziato on the day was something of a surprise, Sylvain Chavanel of Cofidis, who is not normally known, in international competition, for his time trialling skills.
After that peak, there was a sharp descent and a flat section with two intermediate sprints before the altitude dropped again in the city of Toledo.
The finish was on a slight uphill, which was thought to test the sprinters' limits in what was expected nonetheless to be a mass finish.
The day's successful breakaway formed after about 7 kilometers, involving Iban Mayoz, Mikhail Ignatiev, and Volodymyr Dyudya.
The team that paced the pack in efforts to bring them back was Cofidis, looking to have one solid group at the intermediate sprints later in the course so Sylvain Chavanel could make up the 2 second gap he had to race leader Levi Leipheimer.
There was a big crash in the pack at the 68 kilometer mark, mostly involving riders from Silence-Lotto, Quick Step, Xacobeo-Galicia, and Bouygues Télécom, as well as Alejandro Valverde and Tom Boonen, who later called on the race doctor for some medical attention.
The Cofidis-paced main field caught the break at the 108 kilometer mark, just after the one categorized climb of the day and just before the intermediate sprints.
Shortly afterward, the blistering pace set by Cofidis, along with some crosswinds, led to another crash, at the 112 kilometer mark.
Chavanel won the two intermediate sprints and became the new overall leader of the Vuelta on the road, thanks to the twelve bonus seconds he won with them.
Numerous riders attacked on the way into Toledo and a pack led by Paolo Bettini, who won the sprint to the line, was the successful one.
There were four categorized climbs along the way, one each in the first, second, and third categories with a special category climb at the finish in Andorra making this stage a playground for riders who like to battle gravity.
This day belonged to Alessandro Ballan.
He was part of a five-man group, along with Marc de Maar, Iñigo Landaluze, Gianni Meersman, and Xabier Zandio, that broke away at the 18 kilometer mark, and stayed out in front of the field all day to claim the stage win.
He had other prizes awaiting him at the podium in Andorra, namely the golden jersey (giving the Vuelta its sixth different overall leader in seven stages), the red jersey, and the white jersey.
He was also only 7 points shy of claiming the blue jersey.
The route was marked by terrible weather, in particular rain and cold temperatures, which Ballan would later say helped him win, in that he is accustomed to such weather living in northern Italy.
The lead Ballan's breakaway had over the pack grew to a maximum of just under eleven minutes before Astana, the team of GC hopefuls Levi Leipheimer and Alberto Contador, took the pace of the main field to try to reel them in.
Their pace was so blisteringly fast that it cracked more than two-thirds of the field, members of which dropped as much as thirty minutes behind them.
When Astana ratcheted up its speed, the breakaway did as well, as Zandio was dropped, falling minutes behind them.
Ballan attacked from his group and got free at the 14 kilometers to go mark and quickly attained a lead of two minutes over the other three, staying out front to win the stage.
The elite main group led by Astana caught the other members of the day's breakaway, and attacked and jockeyed for position at the finish some three minutes behind Ballan.
Stage 8 7 September 2008 – Escaldes-Engordany (Andorra) to Plá de Beret, 151 kmThis short, yet extremely mountainous, stage was thought to invite many early attacks, as the race re-entered Spain.
There were three first category climbs on the course, and the finish was on a slight downhill after the Alto de Plá de Beret.
This stage also featured the highest point in the 2008 Vuelta, the first-category Port de la Bonaigua, at 2,070 meters in elevation.
Many riders attempted to break away from the pack from the outset, but no one was successful until an hour had been spent in the saddle and 38 kilometers covered.
The five that broke free were Christophe Kern, Nikita Eskov, Juan Manuel Gárate, Sébastien Joly, and David Moncoutié.
Their lead quickly rose to three minutes as Garate was the first over the first-category climb El Cantó.
It held steady until the category two climb up Eviny 27 kilometers later, and then grew to a maximum of 5' 30" before Astana, again, was the team to come forward to pace the main field.
Astana's sporting director Johan Bruyneel explained that this was more to keep things steady, after the race leader's team Lampre dropped off the pace, than to bring the breakaway back, since no one in it was a GC threat.
The autobus formed going up the Puerto de la Bonaigua as Andreas Klöden set an extremely fast pace.
Among the many riders to fall into the autobus was race leader Alessandro Ballan.
In short order, Levi Leipheimer effectively became the new race leader on the road, as Ballan dropped well back of the main field, which caught every breakaway rider except Moncoutié before the summit of the Bonaigua.
Though his advantage continued to shrink, Moncoutié managed to stay out front just long enough to win the stage, with the main chase group, an elite bunch of a dozen or so riders who were able to take Klöden's pace, 34 seconds back.
Alejandro Valverde and Alberto Contador traded repeated attacks on the way up to Plá de Beret, gaining themselves as well as Igor Antón five potentially valuable seconds over other contenders such as Leipheimer, Carlos Sastre, and Ezequiel Mosquera.
There were four categorized climbs along the way, including the first-category Puerto de Serrablo 66 kilometers before the finish, to keep the teams of the sprinters from taking control of the race.
Being faced almost immediately with the second-category Alto del Túnel and, not long after, the second-category Coll de l'Espina, no breakaway came successfully clear of the bunch for over an hour.
When David Moncoutié topped l'Espina in first position, he took over the King of the Mountains lead from Alessandro Ballan.
He later cemented this by topping the Puerto de Serrablo in first place as well.
The race leader's team Astana again set a very fast pace at the head of the main field, such that it fractured into three large groups, with all the major GC contenders in the first group.
Finally, after 60 kilometers and close to two hours in the saddle, a 12-man group broke free, attaining an advantage of close to seven minutes.
The best-placed man in the breakaway, Euskaltel-Euskadi rider Egoi Martínez, threatened the overall lead of Levi Leipheimer as he was 6' 41" back at the beginning of the day.
Team CSC Saxo Bank and Caisse d'Epargne tried to pull the main field along fast enough so that the time gap to the breakaway would be small enough that Leipheimer's Astana Team would have to work to keep him in gold, but the strategy didn't work.
Astana eventually retook the pace and willfully let the time gap go low enough so that when all was done at the day's end, Martínez had taken enough time back to become the new holder of the golden jersey.
This move was criticized the next day by several local newspapers.
Eleven of the riders in the breakaway finished in Sabiñánigo together, and the sprint to the line was won by Silence-Lotto rider Greg Van Avermaet.
The finishing city of Zaragoza is a traditional one in the Vuelta, having hosted stage finishes on 47 occasions.
The wind that the city is known for was thought to wreak some havoc on the sprinters.
This was a rather straightforward day of racing.
There were a few breakaway attempts in the first hour, but none succeeded.
The breakaway that did succeed involved a single rider, Milram's Matej Jurčo, who the Euskaltel team let free after 37 kilometers.
His maximum advantage grew to 7' 20" before Quick Step and Rabobank, working for Tom Boonen and Óscar Freire, respectively, pulled the bunch ahead to bring him back and ensure a mass sprint finish.
Jurčo took both intermediate sprints, and was briefly joined in his effort by José Antonio López as the main field neared him, but the pack became one again with 8 kilometers to the line.
After a plateau there, the finish into Burgos was on a lengthy, but slight, downhill.
This, again, was a very normal day of racing.
Three riders, Serafín Martínez, Jose Antonio López, and Andriy Hryvko escaped the bunch after 35 kilometers and precisely one hour in the saddle.
Their maximum advantage was 7 minutes, but the main field didn't have much trouble reeling them in, which they did 7 kilometers from the line.
The majority of the field was together for a bunched sprint finish, which was won by Óscar Freire.
The GC was again unchanged by the day's results.
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Kearney County, Nebraska.
It is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Kearney County, Nebraska, United States.
The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in an online map.
There are 8 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county.
Sir Arthur Robert Guinness (11 January 1846 – 10 June 1913) was a New Zealand politician, and Speaker of the House of Representatives.
He was educated at Christ's College, Christchurch 1854–1859 (being no.
31 on the list).
He received his legal education from Edward Harston and then from Garrick and Cowlishaw, before being admitted to the bar in 1867.
He then practised as a barrister and solicitor in Greymouth, where he served on the Westland Provincial Council from 1874–1876, and was then a member of the Grey County Council from 1876–1890, including nine as its chair.
In his second attempt in , he defeated the incumbent, Joseph Petrie, in the single-member electorate that was by now called Greymouth.
He remained a member of the House of Representatives for  Greymouth until 1890, and then represented the Grey electorate until his death in 1913.
He belonged to the Liberal Party.
He was Chairman of Committees from 1893 to 1902, then the 7th Speaker of the House of Representatives from 1903 until his death in 1913.
Upon the death of William Steward on 30 October 1912, he became Father of the House.
When he died, his replacement from the Grey by-election was Paddy Webb, who was elected on the second ballot with Liberal support.
He was knighted in 1911.
Guinness died on 10 June 1913 and is buried at Greymouth Cemetery.
He was a great-grandson of his namesake the Dublin brewer Arthur Guinness (1725–1803).
For the American thoroughbred racehorse born 1814 see American Eclipse (racehorse).
Eclipse (1 April 1764 – 26 February 1789) was an undefeated 18th-century British Thoroughbred racehorse who won 18 races, including 11 King's Plates.
After retiring from racing he became a very successful sire and today appears in the pedigree of most modern Thoroughbreds.
It was at this stud that his sire, the Jockey Club Plate winner Marske (by Squirt from The Ruby Mare) stood.
His dam, Spilletta (foaled 1749), was by Regulus, who was by the Godolphin Arabian.
Eclipse's male-line great-grandsire  was Bartlett's Childers, and his male-line great-great-grandsire was Darley Arabian.
Eclipse was a brother to the successful broodmare Proserpine.
They were inbred to Snake in the fourth generation  of their pedigree.
After the death of Prince William in 1765, Eclipse was sold for 75 guineas to a sheep dealer from Smithfield, William Wildman.
Eclipse was a bright chestnut with a narrow blaze running down his face.
He had a white stocking on his right hind leg.
Eclipse was a big horse for his time, just over , and was an inch higher at the rump than at the withers.
He was strong, sound and fast.
He was sometimes criticized for having a large, unattractive head.
His difficult temperament was well documented, and might have led to him being gelded.
Instead he was turned over to a rough-rider, who worked him hard all day, and at night as well on poaching expeditions if the stories are to be believed.
This treatment, rather than souring his disposition, settled Eclipse enough to allow him to be raced, although his jockeys never attempted to hold him.
Bookmakers, trying to verify if rumours about the horse were true, showed up but were too late — the trial had already been run.
On their way home though, they encountered an old woman who told them she had seen a horse with a white leg being chased by another, whom she did not think would catch the horse with the white leg, even if he pursued him to the end of the world.
Accordingly, when Eclipse started in his first race on  1769, a £50 Plate for horses who had never won, he was 4/1 on favourite.
The race consisted of three heats of four miles each.
Eclipse won easily.
After his second victory in a race in May 1769, Dennis O'Kelly purchased Eclipse in two stages.
in June 1769 for 650 guineas, 50 percent in April 1770 for 1,100 guineas).
Supposedly, at this time O'Kelly used the famous phrase "Eclipse first and the rest nowhere," before making his bets for this race, although some sources have him saying this for the second heat of the horse's debut.
At that time, a horse that was more than 240 yards behind the lead was said to be nowhere.
His jockey was John Oakley, supposedly the only jockey who could handle Eclipse's temperamental manner and running style of holding his nose very close to the ground.
Eclipse won the race and covered O'Kelly's bet.
His toughest challenge was a match race versus the highly regarded Bucephalus in April 1770.
Bucephalus was game, but Eclipse was the easy winner.
In August, he took on top class horses Tortoise and Bellario in the Great Subscription Purse at York, but at odds of 20/1 on, routed both of them, being over a furlong in front after two miles, and winning in a canter.
Eclipse won 18 races, including 11 King's Plates, supposedly without ever being fully extended and proving far superior to all competition.
During his racing career, Eclipse ran over  and walked 1,400 miles to race meetings across England.
Eclipse is still remembered in the phrase "Eclipse first and the rest nowhere", snowcloned as "[name of competitor] first and the rest nowhere," referring to any dominating victory.
This phrase is occasionally seen in American print media (most often in newspaper sport sections) but is more common in Britain.
He is attested to have covered 83 feet per second at top speed, and covered 25 feet in a single stride.
Initially he stood at O'Kelly's Clay Hill Stud, near Epsom (Surrey), for a fee of 10 guineas which rose rapidly to 25 and then to 50 guineas a mare.
During 1788, he was relocated to Cannons Stud, Edgware (Middlesex).
Overall, Eclipse sired 344 winners of more than £158,000 (although the number varies with different reports, ranging from 325 to 400).
She also produced two-time Doncaster Cup winner Stamford.
Other daughters of Eclipse produced Derby winners John Bull and Skyscraper, and St. Leger winners Tartar, Remembrancer and Phoenomenon.
Chanticleer, Haphazard, and Weasel are also noted as important runners out of Eclipse mares.
Eclipse was never the leading sire in Great Britain and Ireland, although he finished in second place 11 times, usually behind Herod.
A book published in 1970 stated that the Royal Veterinary College had determined that nearly 80% of Thoroughbred racehorses had Eclipse in their pedigree.
That percentage has naturally increased with time and the inevitable inbreeding in the Thoroughbred population.
More recently it has been estimated that Eclipse is not only somewhere in the pedigree, but a tail-male ancestor of "95pc of contemporary thoroughbreds" or of "nearly every living thoroughbred."
This modern dominance comes mainly through a sire line established by Potoooooooo, although King Fergus would also found another successful branch leading to Ribot.
Potoooooooo's grandson Waxy would lead the sire list in 1811, and Waxy's grandson Birdcatcher in turn led the sire list in 1852 and 1856.
Birdcatcher's grandson Stockwell outdid them both, becoming leading sire seven times.
Stockwell's grandson Bend Or founded a line that led four generations later to Phalaris The Phalaris line has several branches, notably through Nearco and Native Dancer.
In Great Britain and Ireland, the Eclipse sire line includes modern leading sires such as Sadler's Wells, Danehill and Galileo.
In North America, leading sires in his line include Bold Ruler (sire of Secretariat), Mr. Prospector (ancestor of American Pharoah), Danzig, Storm Cat, A.P.
Indy, Giant's Causeway and Tapit.
In Japan, Eclipse's sire line includes leading sires Sunday Silence, King Kamehameha and Deep Impact, while in Australia leading sires from his line include Redoute's Choice, Encosta De Lago and Fastnet Rock.
His skeleton is now housed at the Royal Veterinary College, Hertfordshire, in the Learning Resource Centre named after him, although it cannot be said for certain whether all the bones displayed are really from Eclipse.
His hooves were made into inkstands, although the fact that there are at least five Eclipse-hoof inkstands casts some doubt on the authenticity of some.
Hairs from his tail have also been used for decorations.
A necropsy  on Eclipse found that he had an abnormally large heart (weighing ).
This trait has been referred to in the context of thoroughbreds as the "X Factor" Theory.
While the theory has yet to be proven, it has gained popularity due to the large hearts seen occasionally in his descendants, including Secretariat and Phar Lap.
They honour the champions of the sport, and are sponsored by the National Thoroughbred Racing Association (NTRA), Daily Racing Form and the National Turf Writers Association, who select all finalists at the end of the year.
The most prestigious of these Awards is the Eclipse Award for Horse of the Year title.
The Eclipse Stakes is a Group 1 flat race in the United Kingdom for three-year-olds and older run over a distance of 1¼ miles and 7 yards (2,018 metres) at Sandown Park.
Eclipse Press is the book-publishing division of Blood-Horse Publications, an international publishing house for top Thoroughbred and general equine magazines, books, videos, CD-ROMs and annual references.
Sheffield-based Eclipse tools, now part of Spear & Jackson, took their name and their Eclipse first... slogan in 1909 from the horse.
The life story of Eclipse inspired the novel O'Kelly's Eclipse by screenwriter Arthur Weiss.
Nicholas Clee's Eclipse: The Story of the Rogue, the Madam and the Horse That Changed Racing is a biography of Eclipse and of the people connected to him, among them the gambler Dennis O'Kelly and the brothel madam Charlotte Hayes.
Other biographies of Eclipse include Michael Church's Eclipse: The Horse, The Race, The Awards (2000), and Theodore Cook's 1907 book Eclipse and O'Kelly.
Contrary to popular belief, the Mitsubishi Eclipse was named for the racehorse, and not for the natural phenomenon.
Record-keeping was somewhat haphazard, compounded by spelling and transcription errors, and the fact that the names of mares were often not recorded.
In 1791, James Weatherby and William Sydney Towers pieced together the General Stud Book, which is the source of the pedigree shown below.
However, there are still several debated entries of interest to pedigree experts.
Details of the issues can be found in Appendix 2 of Nicholas Clee's book on Eclipse.
The most notable issues are summarized below.
According to all official records, Eclipse's sire was Marske (written as 'Mask' in a 1764 entry in the Royal Stud Book).
Marske was a moderately successful racehorse who had little early success in the breeding shed.
His stud fee at the time of Eclipse's conception was only half a guinea, though it subsequently grew to 30 guineas.
During Eclipse's lifetime however, it was rumoured that his real sire was Shakespeare, who was a somewhat better racehorse than Marske and was said to resemble Eclipse more closely.
According to a contemporary source, Eclipse's dam was covered in 1763 first by Shakespeare and later by Marske, and paternity was based on Eclipse's foaling date corresponding to the date of the second breeding session.
Since both Marske and Shakespeare were great-grandsons of the Darley Arabian, Eclipse would still descend from that stallion.
Eclipse's dam was Spilletta, who is shown as a bay in the General Stud Book but recorded as a chestnut in the personal records of her second owner, the Duke of Ancaster.
There is again confusion over her breeding: The General Stud Book shows her sire as the undefeated Regulus (by the Godolphin Arabian) but a 1754 racing calendar shows her sire as Sedbury (by the Byerley Turk).
Spilletta's dam was Mother Western, whose paternity is subject to similar confusion between Scarborough Colt and Easby Snake.
Spilletta raced only once, finishing last in a field of three.
In her first eight years as a broodmare, Spilletta produced only one live foal.
In 1760, she was bred to Markse for the first time with no issue.
Three years later, they were mated again: Eclipse was the result.
Note: b.
= Bay, ch.
= Chestnut, br.
This means that the stallion appears twice in the fourth generation of his pedigree.
Lalahluy-e Torab (, also Romanized as Lalahlūy-e Torāb; also known as Lalahlū-ye Torāb, Lalalū-ye Ātlū Khān, and Lalaryelūy-e Torāb) is a village in Nazlu-e Shomali Rural District, Nazlu District, Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.
At the 2006 census, its population was 295, in 77 families.
Ihalakkankanamalage Mahinda Ratnatilaka (also Ihalakkankanamalage Mahinda Rathnathilake ) is a Sri Lankan politician and a former member of the Parliament of Sri Lanka.
Tori Go!
Go!
() is a South Korean animated television series.
It is a product of the major broadcaster KBS and the animation was done by Duru Fix, Gangwon Information and Multimedia corporation and DPS Corporation.
The story centers on the girl character Tori Go!
Go!, a high teen girls character squirrel.
Go!
(토리 GO!
GO!)
Go!
Go!
Jarosław Ziętara (born 16 September 1968) was a Polish journalist who disappeared on September 1, 1992 and was most probably kidnapped and murdered.
According to the findings of the prosecutor from 1998, Ziętara was kidnapped and murdered.
The investigation into the Ziętara case had been, however, terminated in 1999, because his body was not found.
The investigation led by the police, as well as the prosecutor, has been criticized repeatedly.
Zhaoqing Hengtai Football Club () is an amateur Chinese football club that currently participates in the Chinese Champions League.
The team is based in Zhaoqing and currently use Century Lotus Stadium of Foshan as their home stadium.
They advanced to the Chinese FA Cup for the first time in 2014 and was knocked out in the second round when they lost to China League One club Hunan Billows in the penalty shoot-out.
On 1 October 2017, Zhaoqing Hengtai won promotion to China League Two after they advanced to semi-final of 2017 China Amateur Football League by beating Qinghai Zhuangbo in the penalty shoot-out.
However, they gave up to turn professional and remained at the amateur league.
Jubilee chicken can refer to one of several chicken dishes created to celebrate the jubilees of different British monarchs.
The first version of Jubilee chicken was created for the silver jubilee of George V in 1935, and was based on chicken dressed with mayonnaise and curry.
This was largely superseded by coronation chicken.
The second version of Jubilee chicken was created for Elizabeth II's Golden Jubilee in 2002.
This version was radically different from coronation chicken and was highly publicised at the time as a modern evolution of coronation chicken.
Jubilee chicken was distributed in hampers to guests at the concerts for the Golden Jubilee.
In spite of both of these, its popularity has remained relatively limited compared to coronation chicken.
For Elizabeth II's Diamond Jubilee in 2012, guests at the Royal Garden Party were served "Diamond Jubilee Chicken", a variation of coronation chicken created by Heston Blumenthal.
This recipe does not appear to have been released to the public.
Dishes named "jubilee chicken" are often sold as ready to eat by supermarkets, or offered as recipes by alternate sources; the common features are pieces of chicken, curry flavouring, and mayonnaise or a similar sauce rather than a specific recipe.
The sauce is a mixture of crème fraiche and mayonnaise flavoured with lime and ginger; the chicken is also marinated in a combination of lime and ginger before being mixed with the sauce.
Jubilee chicken has a distinctive light, fresh taste.
It is recommended to be served with pasta salad.
Like coronation chicken, Jubilee chicken can be served as a sandwich filling.
Uitdam is a hamlet in the Dutch province of North Holland.
It is a part of the municipality of Waterland, and lies on the coast of the IJsselmeer, about 12 km northeast of Amsterdam.
The statistical area "Uitdam" has a population of around 160.
Cephonodes santome is a moth species of the family Sphingidae.
It is known from São Tomé Island.
Ammtoje (or Amitoj) Mann () is a Punjabi actor, director, author, and screenwriter.
He made two films: Kaafila based on the concept of illegal immigration and Hawayein, based on the aftermath of Indira Gandhi's assassination.
Hawayein was well received, however Mann was less successful with Kaafila, which was banned in Pakistan due to the film's perceived anti-Pakistan material.
Amitoj worked with Nadira Babbar's theatre group "EKJUT" and gained experience doing a number of stage plays thus evolving into becoming an actor and honing his creative talents as a director and writer too.
In 1992, Dilip Kumar, signed Amitoj as the hero for his directorial debut film Kalinga opposite Meenakshi Seshadri.
However, the film could not be released due to unforeseen circumstances.
Amitoj turned his vision from enacting dreams to creating dreams for the silver screen.
After directing more than 20 music video albums and winning awards for them, he wrote and directed a Hindi film titled  Hawayein.
This film emerges from the consequences of the Blue Star Operation in 1984 and thereon  depicts the heart-rending aftermath of  Indira Gandhi's assassination in 1984 leading to the riots and the victimization of Punjab and her people, the consequences of which were experienced all over India.
This film was an honest exploration of the reasons which led to the angst of the youth of Punjab and the turmoils suffered by their families.
It was the first of its kind subjects to be made and is the only celluloid depiction of this dark chapter of Indian history and depicts real life events and most of the situations shown in this film are authentic.
This  was an attempt to present history in a realistic manner on a colourful tapestry woven with all human emotions of romance, tragedy, humour all presented together on a platter of wonderful music.
Shot in locations in Punjab, Delhi and Mumbai, Hawayein was a statement, which has succeeded in correcting the global image of the Sikh participation in the post 1984 Punjab problem thus satisfying the souls of lakhs of Sikhs, who for centuries have lived in perfect harmony with Hindus and all other communities all over the world.
It released in August 2003 and was critically acclaimed worldwide.
It was well received in India and did extremely well in the  international market too.
Hawayein opened up the territory of Canada for Hindi films, a territory which was previously considered a non performing territory for Hindi films and created box office history in Canada  with record breaking collections.
Hawayein also created history in Punjab.
His tryst with truth oriented movies continued with Kaafila, a film, based on the issue of illegal immigration, an issue affecting millions of Indians and Asians.
This film is the story of the mad rush of people opting to leave their motherland in search of their utopian dreams of a better life abroad in the developed countries.
The movie strives to create a mass awareness of the dark side of illegal immigration.
The film also exposes how innocent people are duped by a worldwide nexus of agents showing them dreams of a comfortable life, close to heaven, in foreign lands and making them sell their lands, homes and livelihoods here in a futile pursuit of that dream.
An intelligent, humorous and thought provoking film, passing on the message in an entertaining manner,  based on real life experiences of people who have travelled illegally and have barely managed to come back alive.
The star lineup included Sunny Deol, Amitoj Mann, Sudesh Berry, Sana Nawaz and Mona Laizza, both top ranking film and TV actresses of Pakistan respectively and other actors from India and Bulgaria.
Cinematographer - Nazir Khan, Music - Sukhwinder Singh, Lyrics - Babu Singh Maan, Choreography - Raju Khan.
Kaafila was released worldwide by ZEE network in August 2007 and was shot in Mumbai, Punjab, Ladakh, and Bulgaria.
His first Punjabi film was Haani, which means your companion.
Haani is the story of the true men of the soil, the Jatts who are defined by their simplicity, honesty, courage, good looks and above all, for honoring their commitments lifelong, be it for love, friendship or even enmity.
A romantic sage spanning two generations from 1964 to 2013, HAANI tells the story of love, friendship and honor immortalized by commitment.
Haani starred Harbhajan Mann, Sarbjit Cheema, Anuj Sachdeva, Mehreen Kaleka, Sonia Mann and others : Music – Jaidev Kumar, Lyrics – Babu Singh Maan and released on 6 September 2013 to worldwide acclaim and success.
Haani' was nominated for 9 awards & received 5 awards at the annual PTC awards for excellence in Punjabi cinema held on 3 March 2014.
His second Punjabi film released in May 2015, titled Gadaar – The Traitor'& starred Harbhajan Mann, Manpneet Grewal, Girija Shankar, Ashish Duggal and others.
His third Punjabi film titled "Motor Mitraan Di" starring Yograj Singh, Gurpreet Gugghi, Happy Raikoti, Vikram Ranjha Singh, Sonia Mann, Sardar Sohi released in Dec 2016.
He dreams for a living and his scripts are original subjects combining a personal vision with the requirements of a modern and entertaining film thus ensuring a global reach for it.
Savaiq is a Waic language spoken in Kunlong Township, Shan State, Burma.
The exact number of Savaiq speakers is unknown, but may possibly be around 10,000 (Phyu 2013:6).
Savaiq speakers are distributed in Kunlong, Mong Maw, and Lashio townships in Shan State, Burma.
A Sociolinguistic Survey of Selected Meung Yum and Savaiq Varieties.
M.A.
thesis.
Chiang Mai: Payap University.
Ping, Wendy Phung Wei (2013).
A Phonological Description of Meung Yum and Phonological Comparison of Meung Yum with Three Wa Dialects in China.
M.A.
thesis.
Chiang Mai: Payap University.
Qâlat daqqa (also spelled gâlat dagga), or Tunisian Five Spices, is a spice blend originating from Tunisia.
It is made of cloves, nutmeg, cinnamon, peppercorns, and grains of paradise mixed and ground, depending on its use, between a coarse grind and a fine powder.
This spice blend is used to as both an aromatic and seasoning for meats and vegetable dishes.
The flavor of the mixture is described as being "sweet and warm".
It is noted for use in lamb tajines.
In vegetable dishes, it is noted for imparting a warm flavor, especially in pumpkin- or eggplant-based dishes.
Titanium alloys are metals that contain a mixture of titanium and other chemical elements.
Such alloys have very high tensile strength and toughness (even at extreme temperatures).
They are light in weight, have extraordinary corrosion resistance and the ability to withstand extreme temperatures.
However, the high cost of both raw materials and processing limit their use to military applications, aircraft, spacecraft, bicycles, medical devices, jewelry, highly stressed components such as connecting rods on expensive sports cars and some premium sports equipment and consumer electronics.
Although "commercially pure" titanium has acceptable mechanical properties and has been used for orthopedic and dental implants, for most applications titanium is alloyed with small amounts of aluminium and vanadium, typically 6% and 4% respectively, by weight.
This mixture has a solid solubility which varies dramatically with temperature, allowing it to undergo precipitation strengthening.
This heat treatment process is carried out after the alloy has been worked into its final shape but before it is put to use, allowing much easier fabrication of a high-strength product.
These are not heat treatable.
Examples include: Ti-5Al-2Sn-ELI, Ti-8Al-1Mo-1V.
Near-alpha alloys contain small amount of ductile beta-phase.
Besides alpha-phase stabilisers, near-alpha alloys are alloyed with 1–2% of beta phase stabilizers such as molybdenum, silicon or vanadium.
Examples include: Ti-6Al-2Sn-4Zr-2Mo, Ti-5Al-5Sn-2Zr-2Mo, IMI 685, Ti 1100.
Alpha and beta alloys, which are metastable and generally include some combination of both alpha and beta stabilisers, and which can be heat treated.
Examples include: Ti-6Al-4V, Ti-6Al-4V-ELI, Ti-6Al-6V-2Sn, Ti-6Al-7Nb.
Beta and near beta alloys, which are metastable and which contain sufficient beta stabilisers (such as molybdenum, silicon and vanadium) to allow them to maintain the beta phase when quenched, and which can also be solution treated and aged to improve strength.
Examples include: Ti-10V-2Fe-3Al, Ti–29Nb–13Ta–4.6Zr, Ti-13V-11Cr-3Al, Ti-8Mo-8V-2Fe-3Al, Beta C, Ti-15-3.
Elements used in this alloy are one or more of the following other than titanium in varying amounts.
These are molybdenum, vanadium, niobium, tantalum, zirconium, manganese, iron, chromium, cobalt, nickel, and copper.
The titanium alloys have excellent formability and can be easily welded.
Beta titanium is nowadays largely utilized in the orthodontic field and was adopted for orthodontics use in the 1980s.
This type of alloy replaced stainless steel for certain uses, as stainless steel had dominated orthodontics since the 1960s.
It has strength/modulus of elasticity ratios almost twice those of 18-8 austenitic stainless steel, larger elastic deflections in springs, and reduced force per unit displacement 2.2 times below those of stainless steel appliances.
At about 890 °C, the titanium undergoes an allotropic transformation to a body-centred cubic β phase which remains stable to the melting temperature.
Some alloying elements, called alpha stabilizers, raise the alpha-to-beta transition temperature, while others (beta stabilizers) lower the transition temperature.
Aluminium, gallium, germanium, carbon, oxygen and nitrogen are alpha stabilizers.
Molybdenum, vanadium, tantalum, niobium, manganese, iron, chromium, cobalt, nickel, copper and silicon are beta stabilizers.
Alpha-beta-phase titanium has a mechanical property which is in between both.
Titanium dioxide dissolves in the metal at high temperatures, and its formation is very energetic.
These two factors mean that all titanium except the most carefully purified has a significant amount of dissolved oxygen, and so may be considered a Ti–O alloy.
Oxide precipitates offer some strength (as discussed above), but are not very responsive to heat treatment and can substantially decrease the alloy's toughness.
Many alloys also contain titanium as a minor additive, but since alloys are usually categorized according to which element forms the majority of the material, these are not usually considered to be "titanium alloys" as such.
See the sub-article on titanium applications.
Commercial (99.2% purity) grades of titanium have an ultimate tensile strength of about 434 MPa, equal to that of common, low-grade steel alloys, but are less dense.
Titanium is 60% denser than aluminium, but more than twice as strong as the most commonly used 6061-T6 aluminium alloy.
The titanium used for surface alloying of AISI304 stainless steel was CP-Ti, grade2, 300µm thick sheet.
Titanium alone is a strong, light metal.
It is stronger than common, low-carbon steels, but 45% lighter.
It is also twice as strong as weak aluminium alloys but only 60% heavier.
Titanium has outstanding corrosion resistance to seawater, and thus is used in propeller shafts, rigging and other parts of boats that are exposed to seawater.
Titanium and its alloys are used in airplanes, missiles, and rockets where strength, low weight, and resistance to high temperatures are important.
Further, since titanium does not react within the human body, it and its alloys are used in artificial joints, screws, and plates for fractures, and for other biological implants.
See Titanium#Orthopedic implants.
"Note 1—H grade material is identical to the corresponding numeric grade (that is, Grade 2H = Grade 2) except for the higher guaranteed minimum UTS, and may always be certified as meeting the requirements of its corresponding numeric grade.
Grades 2H, 7H, 16H, and 26H are intended primarily for pressure vessel use."
"The H grades were added in response to a user association request based on its study of over 5200 commercial Grade 2, 7, 16, and 26 test reports, where over 99% met the 58 ksi minimum UTS."
Grade 1 is the most ductile and softest titanium alloy.
It is a good solution for cold forming and corrosive environments.
ASTM/ASME SB-265 provides the standards for commercially pure titanium sheet and plate.
Grade 2 Unalloyed titanium, standard oxygen.
Grade 2H Unalloyed titanium (Grade 2 with 58 ksi minimum UTS).
Grade 3 Unalloyed titanium, medium oxygen.
Grades 1-4 are unalloyed and considered commercially pure or "CP".
Generally the tensile and yield strength goes up with grade number for these "pure" grades.
The difference in their physical properties is primarily due to the quantity of interstitial elements.
They are used for corrosion resistance applications where cost, ease of fabrication, and welding are important.
It has a chemical composition of 6% aluminum, 4% vanadium, 0.25% (maximum) iron, 0.2% (maximum) oxygen, and the remainder titanium.
It is significantly stronger than commercially pure titanium (grades 1-4) while having the same stiffness and thermal properties (excluding thermal conductivity, which is about 60% lower in Grade 5 Ti than in CP Ti).
Among its many advantages, it is heat treatable.
This grade is an excellent combination of strength, corrosion resistance, weld and fabricability.
"This alpha-beta alloy is the workhorse alloy of the titanium industry.
The alloy is fully heat treatable in section sizes up to 15 mm and is used up to approximately 400 °C (750 °F).
Since it is the most commonly used alloy – over 70% of all alloy grades melted are a sub-grade of Ti6Al4V, its uses span many aerospace airframe and engine component uses and also major non-aerospace applications in the marine, offshore and power generation industries in particular."
"Applications: Blades, discs, rings, airframes, fasteners, components.
Vessels, cases, hubs, forgings.
Biomedical implants."
Generally, Ti-6Al-4V is used in applications up to 400 degrees Celsius.
It has a density of roughly 4420 kg/m3, Young's modulus of 120 GPa, and tensile strength of 1000 MPa.
By comparison, annealed type 316 stainless steel has a density of 8000 kg/m3, modulus of 193 GPa, and tensile strength of 570 MPa.
Tempered 6061 aluminium alloy has a density of 2700 kg/m3, modulus of 69 GPa, and tensile strength of 310 MPa, respectively.
It is also known as Ti-5Al-2.5Sn.
This alloy is used in airframes and jet engines due to its good weldability, stability and strength at elevated temperatures.
Grade 7 contains 0.12 to 0.25% palladium.
This grade is similar to Grade 2.
The small quantity of palladium added gives it enhanced crevice corrosion resistance at low temperatures and high pH.
Grade 7H is identical to Grade 7 with enhanced corrosion resistance.
Grade 9 contains 3.0% aluminium and 2.5% vanadium.
This grade is a compromise between the ease of welding and manufacturing of the "pure" grades and the high strength of Grade 5.
It is commonly used in aircraft tubing for hydraulics and in athletic equipment.
Grade 11 contains 0.12 to 0.25% palladium.
This grade has enhanced corrosion resistance.
Grade 12 contains 0.3% molybdenum and 0.8% nickel.
Grades 13, 14, and 15 all contain 0.5% nickel and 0.05% ruthenium.
Grade 16 contains 0.04 to 0.08% palladium.
This grade has enhanced corrosion resistance.
Grade 16H contains 0.04 to 0.08% palladium.
Grade 17 contains 0.04 to 0.08% palladium.
This grade has enhanced corrosion resistance.
Grade 18 contains 3% aluminium, 2.5% vanadium and 0.04 to 0.08% palladium.
This grade is identical to Grade 9 in terms of mechanical characteristics.
The added palladium gives it increased corrosion resistance.
Grade 19contains 3% aluminium, 8% vanadium, 6% chromium, 4% zirconium, and 4% molybdenum.
Grade 20 contains 3% aluminium, 8% vanadium, 6% chromium, 4% zirconium, 4% molybdenum and 0.04% to 0.08% palladium.
Grade 21 contains 15% molybdenum, 3% aluminium, 2.7% niobium, and 0.25% silicon.
Grade 23 also known as Ti-6Al-4V-ELI or TAV-ELI contains 6% aluminium, 4% vanadium, 0.13% (maximum) Oxygen.
ELI stands for Extra Low Interstitial.
Reduced interstitial elements oxygen and iron improve ductility and fracture toughness with some reduction in strength.
TAV-ELI is the most commonly used medical implant-grade titanium alloy.
Grade 25 contains 6% aluminium, 4% vanadium and 0.3% to 0.8% nickel and 0.04% to 0.08% palladium.
Grades 26, 26H, and 27 all contain 0.08 to 0.14% ruthenium.
Grade 28 contains 3% aluminium, 2.5% vanadium and 0.08 to 0.14% ruthenium.
Grade 29 contains 6% aluminium, 4% vanadium and 0.08 to 0.14% ruthenium.
Grades 30 and 31 contain 0.3% cobalt and 0.05% palladium.
Grade 32 contains 5% aluminium, 1% tin, 1% zirconium, 1% vanadium, and 0.8% molybdenum.
Grades 33 and 34 contain 0.4% nickel, 0.015% palladium, 0.025% ruthenium, and 0.15% chromium .
Grade 35 contains 4.5% aluminium, 2% molybdenum, 1.6% vanadium, 0.5% iron, and 0.3% silicon.
Grade 36 contains 45% niobium.
Grade 37 contains 1.5% aluminium.
Grade 38 contains 4% aluminium, 2.5% vanadium, and 1.5% iron.
This grade was developed in the 1990s for use as an armor plating.
The iron reduces the amount of Vanadium needed as a beta stabilizer.
Its mechanical properties are very similar to Grade 5, but has good cold workability similar to grade 9.
Alpha and near-alpha alloys cannot be dramatically changed by heat treatment.
Stress relief and annealing are the processes that can be employed for this class of titanium alloys.
The heat treatment cycles for beta alloys differ significantly from those for the alpha and alpha-beta alloys.
Beta alloys can not only be stress relieved or annealed, but also can be solution treated and aged.
The alpha-beta alloys are two-phase alloys, comprising both alpha and beta phases at room temperature.
Phase compositions, sizes, and distributions of phases in alpha-beta alloys can be manipulated within certain limits by heat treatment, thus permitting tailoring of properties.
Alpha and near-alpha alloys The micro-structure of alpha alloys cannot be strongly manipulated by heat treatment since alpha alloys undergo no significant phase change.
As a result, high strength can not be acquired for the alpha alloys by heat treatment.
Yet, alpha and near-alpha titanium alloys can be stress relieved and annealed.
Alpha-beta alloys By working as well as heat treatment of alpha-beta alloys below or above the alpha-beta transition temperature, large micro-structural changes can be achieved.
This may give a substantial hardening of the material.
Solution treatment plus aging is used to produce maximum strengths in alpha-beta alloys.
Also, other heat treatments, including stress-relief heat treatments, are practiced for this group of titanium alloys as well.
Beta alloys In commercial beta alloys, stress-relieving and aging treatments can be combined.
They are normally produced from wrought or cast bar stock by CNC, CAD-driven machining, or powder metallurgy production.
Each of these techniques comes with inherent advantages and disadvantages.
Wrought products come with an extensive material loss during machining into the final shape of the product and for cast samples the acquirement of a product in its final shape somewhat limits further processing and treatment (e.g.
precipitation hardening), yet casting is more material effective.
Traditional powder metallurgy methods are also more material efficient, yet acquiring fully dense products can be a common issue.
With the emergence of solid freeform fabrication (3D printing) the possibility to produce custom-designed biomedical implants (e.g.
hip joints) has been realized.
While it is not applied currently on a larger scale, freeform fabrication methods offers the ability to recycle waste powder (from the manufacturing process) and makes for selectivity tailoring desirable properties and thus the performance of the implant.
Electron Beam Melting (EBM) and Selective Laser Melting (SLM) are two methods applicable for freeform fabrication of Ti-alloys.
Manufacturing parameters greatly influence the micro-structure of the product, where e.g.
a fast cooling rate in combination with low degree of melting in SLM leads to the predominant formation of martensitic alpha-prime-phase, giving a very hard product.
Ti-6Al-4V / Ti-6Al-4V-ELI This alloy has good biocompatibility, and is neither cytotoxic nor genotoxic.
Ti-6Al-4V suffers from poor shear strength and poor surface wear properties in certain loading conditions:Bio compatibility: Excellent, especially when direct contact with tissue or bone is required.
Ti-6Al-4V's poor shear strength makes it undesirable for bone screws or plates.
It also has poor surface wear properties and tends to seize when in sliding contact with itself and other metals.
Surface treatments such as nitriding and oxidizing can improve the surface wear properties.
Ti-6Al-7Nb This alloy was developed as a biomedical replacement for Ti-6Al-4V, because Ti-6Al-4V contains vanadium, an element that has demonstrated cytotoxic outcomes when isolated.
Ti-6Al-7Nb contains 6% aluminium and 7% niobium.Ti6Al7Nb is a dedicated high strength titanium alloy with excellent biocompatibility for surgical implants.
Used for replacement hip joints, it has been in clinical use since early 1986.
Sarah Slean is an EP by Sarah Slean, featuring three new tracks and four from her back catalogue.
The three new tracks would be released the following year on her debut album on Atlantic Records, Night Bugs.
The four older tracks are taken from Blue Parade and Universe.
NGC 6334 (also known as the Cat's Paw Nebula, Bear Claw Nebula, or Gum 64) is an emission nebula and star-forming region located in the constellation Scorpius.
It was discovered by astronomer John Herschel in 1837, who observed it from the Cape of Good Hope in South Africa.
Most members of the Bunge, Tanzania's National Assembly, are elected concurrently by direct popular vote for 5-year terms.
Additional members are nominated by the President, and five seats are chosen by the Zanzibar House of Representatives.
Further seats are reserved for female members who are selected by their parties.
General elections were held in 2005 and 2010 for the Bunge.
Haraggama is a village in Sri Lanka.
It is located within Central Province.
The Mark 2 family of railway carriages are British Rail's second design of carriages.
They were built by British Rail workshops (from 1969 British Rail Engineering Limited (BREL)) between 1964 and 1975.
They were of steel construction.
A key driver of the changed construction method was to overcome the serious corrosion problem point in the Mark 1 at the base of the body, where it was attached to the underframe.
Other changes of design, such as the window units, were for the same reason, which had become a serious problem in Mark 1 vehicle maintenance costs.
Revised painting methods were also part of this, which coincided with the change of livery from maroon (dark green on the Southern) to the blue and grey that Mark 2 coaches wore for much of their lives (some of the earliest Mark 2 coaches had the old livery at first).
The Mark 2 coach was one of the mainstays of the InterCity network, but new rolling stock introduced in the post-privatisation era has resulted in most being withdrawn.
Since their withdrawal from most main line duties, Mark 2 coaches have played an increasing role on private rail tours, charter trains, and on heritage railways.
Since 1996, over 140 Mark 2 carriages have been exported to New Zealand, where they are still in mainline service (as of 2013).
The final Mark 2 carriage was departmental 999550, in 1977.  it is still in service with Network Rail as a Track Recording Coach.
The later versions (2D onwards) look somewhat similar to the later Mark 3 design.
The Mark 3 is longer (75 feet as opposed to 64 feet 6 inches), has a large skirting between the bogies to conceal the ancillary equipment, and has a ridged roof as opposed to the smooth roof of the Mark 2.
The development of the High Speed Train overlapped with that of the final production run, and the Mark 2F "previewed" many features incorporated into the Mark 3, such as new seating, plastic interior panelling, and floor-sensor-operated automatic gangway doors.
Unlike Mark 1 coaches, built by a wide range of manufacturers, both BR workshops and private builders, all production Mark 2 (and Mark 3) coaches were built on a single assembly line at the BR carriage works at Derby.
These luxuriously-appointed first class carriages had several unusual features, such as inward opening doors and some interior walnut panelling.
Only 29 carriages were built.
The livery was pearl grey with blue window surrounds, a reversal of the standard British Rail blue and grey livery of the late 1960s and 1970s.
A Liverpool Pullman service was also operated, using the same type of carriages, until 1974.
Abellio ScotRail operate two sets of six Riviera Trains Mark 2s hauled by a Class 68 on peak hour services on the Fife Circle Line.
Network Rail operate Mark 2s as brake force carriages on its test trains.
Riviera Trains and West Coast Railways both operate Mark 2s on charters; many of the former's are still painted in Anglia Railways and Virgin Trains liveries.
Transport for Wales operates Mark 2s on some of their Valley Lines services.
Most were electric multiple units with British Railways, and which operated under AC using overhead wires.
The first of these were Class AM10 in 1966 operating commuter services from London Euston and in the West Midlands.
The introduction of TOPS saw these units reclassified Class 310.
The other type was Class 312, a derivative of, and almost identical to, the Class 310, introduced in 1975, primarily used on commuter services from London King's Cross and London Liverpool Street, the last slam-door multiple units built for British Railways.
Northern Ireland Railways used the Mark 2 bodyshell as the basis for the 80 Class DEMU, which entered service in 1974.
Thirteen 5 car electric multiple units were built in 1976 for Taiwan (and withdrawn in 2009): the Taiwan Railway EMU100 series.
Electric Multiple Units based on the Mark 2 design were also exported to Taiwan.
These were initially painted in an attractive maroon and blue livery and worked by maroon BREL-built Hunslet Bo-Bos of the NIR 101 Class.
A pale grey livery with a blue stripe below the windows was introduced in the 1980s.
This rake included No 547, the only Mark 2B dining car.
This carriage was restored in 2008 by the Railway Preservation Society of Ireland (RPSI).
The Mark 2B carriages were replaced on the Enterprise service by new carriages built in France by De Dietrich Ferroviaire in 1996.
NIR purchased eight British Rail Class 488 electric multiple unit coaches in 2001 that been converted from Mark 2F coaches for the Gatwick Express service from London Victoria to Gatwick Airport.
They were renumbered 8941-8948, The worked with NIR Generator Van 8911.
They were withdrawn on 19 January 2005, having been replaced by new C3K units.
They were reintroduced in September 2006 to provide extra capacity on the Portadown to Belfast (Central) service, making one trip every morning, hauled by a Class 111 locomotive.
An ex-Anglia MkIIf DBSO, No.
9712 (renumbered by NIR as 8918), was bought that year to work with the Gatwick stock, but overhaul and regauging took so long that by the time it arrived in Northern Ireland in 2009, the Gatwicks had been withdrawn.
Their final passenger run was on 18 June 2009.
The RPSI also acquired some Mark 2s for use in its steam hauled train in Northern Ireland in the early 2000s (decade).
These are normally based at the RPSI's Whitehead depot, as well as being steam hauled they are also occasionally hired out for diesel hauled railtours.
They also have some ex-NIR and ex-CIE Mk2 stock, some of which formerly operated on the Dublin to Belfast Enterprise service.
The RPSI bought the eight withdrawn Gatwick Express Mk2 coaches and generator van from NIR, which are currently (2017) in store at Dundalk and Whitehead.
They will be used to augment and to replace some of the RPSI's current Mk2 fleet that work out of Whitehead.
The DBSO entered preservation at the Downpatrick and County Down Railway on 27 September 2014, having never carried a passenger in NIR service or having left York Road depot by rail.
With air conditioning as a principal feature they became known as "AC Stock" and ran on type B4 bogies, with vacuum brakes.
The order consisted of six First Class coaches (5101–5106), nine Composites (5151–5159), 36 Standard Class (5201–5236), eleven Restaurant/Buffet Standard Class (5401–5411) and eleven Generator Vans (5601–5611).
Internal fit-out was done in Inchicore, and was quite different from the original BR design, using bench seating rather than individual seats and with extensive use of wood veneer panelling.
Their electrical system differed from the BR and NIR versions.
The generator van contained two engine/generator sets, each supplying 220/380 V 50 Hz AC to two separate electrical buses in the train.
The air conditioning loads were divided in half, each half fed from a separate bus.
In the case of failure of one generator set, the other set automatically supplies both buses.
Air conditioning output power would then be halved, but all other loads including cooking, lighting and battery charging would continue to be supplied.
This later remained the model for the electrical power supply on all subsequent IE coaches.
To accommodate changes in traffic, five of the Composites (5153–5156, 5158) were re-classed as Standards, and Restaurant/Buffet Standard 5408 was converted for use as the Presidential Coach.
Iarnród Éireann purchased fifteen carriages from a UK scrap dealer during 1989, in exchange for a similar number of scrap diesel locomotives.
Older Mark 2A/B/C carriages were scrapped in 2004, as they were heavily corroded.
A few were preserved (minus bogies) at certain heritage railways in Ireland.
The remaining Mark 2 carriages (the 1972 vintage Mk2d sets) were phased out during 2007 and 2008, with the last set operating its final service, the 0505 Athlone–Heuston, on 31 March 2008.
Two of these coaches, 5106 and 5203, were preserved by the Railway Preservation Society of Ireland.
The Presidential Coach, 5408, has also been preserved by the RPSI.
The first 16 were exported in January 1997.
Although New Zealand railway lines have a narrower rail gauge of , the country has a similar loading gauge, allowing regauged BR carriages to run on most lines.
The first carriages were imported in 1996 by then rail operator Tranz Rail and heritage operator Mainline Steam.
The first seven refurbished carriages entered regular service on 15 November 1999, on the Capital Connection service between Palmerston North and Wellington.
Until 2015, the former British Rail carriages ran virtually all carriage regional commuter services.
Most of them (104) operated in Auckland, classified SA (81) and SD (23), in push-pull commuter trains, with three to five SA carriages, a SD driving carriage (similar to the original Mark 2 DBSOs), and a DC class (four- and five-car) or DFT class (six-car) diesel-electric locomotive.
However, Auckland has since replaced its entire suburban fleet with the purpose-built New Zealand AM class electric multiple unit.
Other BR Mark 2 carriages operate on the Capital Connection (8× S class), and the Wairarapa Connection between Masterton and Wellington (18× SW class).
There are also six SE class carriages, which were used with electric locomotives on Wellington commuter services between 2008 and 2011 as a temporary measure until new EMUs were delivered.
The carriages were reassigned to the Wairarapa Connection in June 2013, where peak service patronage was starting to exceed the capacity of the SW carriage fleet.
Mainline Steam also own four refurbished carriages, classified ML, which are based in Plimmerton (north of Wellington) and are used for its steam-hauled excursions.
All New Zealand Mark 2 carriages retain their original BR running numbers.
They used GEC electrical equipment and were built for  track gauge.
They were used on the Tze-Chiang Limited Express service.
They were withdrawn from service in 2009.
Hornby introduced Mk.2 BFK and TSO models in the late 1960s and these have remained in production intermittently ever since, sometimes being used to represent coaches of later variants (such as the Mk.2B BFK in the Royal Train).
In 2013 (for the 2014 range) Hornby announced that it would produce the Mk2E variant.
These are re-tooled versions and will be available in both their main range and their RailRoad range.
Some from the main range will have interior lighting.
Hornby are making three versions of the Mk2E i.e.
FO, TSO and BSO.
Airfix introduced Mk.2D BSO, FO and TSO models in the late 1970s, these going on to be produced by successors Mainline, Dapol and ultimately Hornby.
The Airfix Mk.2D was a high quality model for its day, being more accurately detailed than most contemporary products, and it is still being produced by Hornby.
Lima produced Mk.2B BFK, FK and TSO and mk.2E FO and TSO models.
These were approximately 1 cm under scale length, and have not been produced since the Lima business was taken over by Hornby.
Bachmann introduced Mk.2 and Mk.2A BFK, BSO, FK and TSO models in the early 2000s, these being more detailed than the various older models.
Bachmann have also announced new Mk.2F BSO, DBSO, FO, RFB and TSO models for production in 2013-14.
Mk.2A BSO, FK and TSO models were announced in 2012-13.
Darreh Doran Rural District () is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Rafsanjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.
At the 2006 census, its population was 2,493, in 695 families.
The rural district has 10 villages.
Tethinosoma is a genus of beach flies in the family Canacidae.
The only known species, T. fulvifrons, is Australasian.
The 2003 Mexican Figure Skating Championships were the Mexican Figure Skating Championships of the 2002–03 figure skating season.
Skaters competed in the disciplines of men's singles and ladies' singles on the senior level for the title of national champion of Mexico.
The results of the national championships were used to choose the Mexican teams to the 2003 World Figure Skating Championships and the 2003 Four Continents Figure Skating Championships.
The 2003 Championships took place in Lomas Verdes.
or Fuke Zen was a distinct and ephemeral derivative school of Japanese Zen Buddhism which originated as an offshoot of the Rinzai school during the nation's feudal era, lasting from the 13th century until the late 19th century.
The sect, or sub-sect, traced its philosophical roots to the eccentric Zen master Puhua, as well as similarities and correspondences with the early Linji House and previous Chán traditions—particularly Huineng's "Sudden Enlightenment" (Southern Chán)—in Tang Dynasty China.
Fuke monks or priests (komusō) were noted for playing the shakuhachi bamboo flute as a form of meditation known as suizen ("blowing meditation"), an innovation from the earlier zazen ("sitting meditation") of other Zen sects.
Fuke Zen was characterized in the public imagination of Japan by its monks' playing of the shakuhachi flute while wearing a large woven basket hat that covered their entire head as they went on pilgrimage.
The theoretical basis of Fuke-shū was to emphasise the concept of the incommunicable aspect of enlightenment, an ideal traced to various Buddhist sects and relayed in paradoxical Zen writings such as the Lankavatara Sutra, the Diamond Sutra and Bodhidharma's "Bloodstream sermon".
Thus Fuke monks rarely chanted sutras or other Buddhist texts, but rather relied upon scores of sacred shakuhachi music called honkyoku to express and transmit awakening.
The sect technically continues to exist (albeit in a less organized form) through the lineage of the contemporary Kyochiku Zenji Hosan Kai (KZHK) group in Kyoto—which organizes annual meetings for hundreds of shakuhachi players, Rinzai clerics, and Fuke Zen enthusiasts—and the related Myōan Society, as well as other small groups throughout Japan.
KZHK and the Myōan Society operate from their base temples of Tōfuku-ji and Myōan-ji, the latter being the former headquarters of the Fuke sect.
Many Rinzai monks still practice as komusō during certain celebrations in former Fuke-shū temples that have, since the 19th century, reverted to traditional Rinzai Zen.
Notable temples include Kokutai-ji and Ichigatsu-ji.
At least several particular individuals in modern times have been known to pursue temporary itinerant lifestyles as komusō, for spiritual or learning purposes.
Hõzan Murata, a famous shakuhachi player, maker, and dai-shihan (grandmaster), lived as a komusō for 8 months in 1974.
Perhaps the most well known contemporary komusō are Kokū Nishimura—who famously carried on the tradition of dubbing shakuhachi kyotaku ("empty bell"), in reference to the legend of Puhua (Fuke)—and Watazumi Doso, known for his innovations with and revitalization of the shakuhachi repertoire, and the popularization of the hotchiku.
However, the Fuke school counted as its founder one of Linji's contemporaries Pǔhuà (普化), whose name is read as Fuke in Japanese.
Puhua was reputedly a multi-talented monk, known for being inventive and at the same time quite strict.
The notion of Puhua as founder is also supported by several references in the Record of Linji, as well as the Kyotaku Denki.
(Although the latter was later confirmed as a fabrication used to further the komusōs' benefits under the Tokugawa shogunate.)
Many of the monks made drawings for Panshan, but none were to his liking.
The monk Puhua stepped forward and said, "I can draw it."
Panshan said, "Why don't you show it to me?"
Puhua then turned a somersault and went out.
Panshan said, "Someday, that fellow will teach others in a crazy manner!"
Having said these words, Panshan passed away.
Many stories about Puhua that appear in the Record of Linji add to his reputation of having a rough and uncompromising manner of expressing the dharma.
One day the master (Linji Yixuan) and Puhua went to a vegetarian banquet given them by a believer.
During it, the master asked Puhua: "'A hair swallows the vast ocean, a mustard seed contains Mt.
Sumeru' – does this happen by means of supernatural powers, or is the whole body (substance, essence) like this?"
Puhua kicked over the table.
The master said: "Rough fellow."
Puhua retorted: "What place is this here to speak of rough and refined ?"
b.
The next day, they went again to a vegetarian banquet.
During it, the master asked: "Today's fare, how does it compare with yesterday's?"
Puhua (as before) kicked over the table.
The master said: "Understand it you do – but still, you are a rough fellow."
Puhua replied: "Blind fellow, does one preach of any roughness or finesse in the Buddha-Dharma?"
The master stuck out his tongue.
There is some controversy as to the degree and nature of his musical talents, but his followers would often reflect on a certain story for inspiration: the story describes Puhua going through his hometown, ringing a bell to summon others to enlightenment.
The same, for many Fuke practitioners, applied to the shakuhachi, and its mastery was seen as a path to enlightenment.
In addition to giving a special importance to Puhua's ringing bell, it is particularly striking as a story of Buddhist resurrection that equals the famous resurrection story of Bodhidharma, the Indian master who brought the Ekayana school from India to China, which became the Chan sect of Buddhism.
One day at the street market Fuke was begging all and sundry to give him a robe.
Everybody offered him one, but he did not want any of them.
The master Linji made the superior buy a coffin, and when Fuke returned, said to him: "There, I had this robe made for you."
Fuke shouldered the coffin, and went back to the street market, calling loudly: "Rinzai had this robe made for me!
I am off to the East Gate to enter transformation" (to die).
The people of the market crowded after him, eager to look.
Fuke said: "No, not today.
Tomorrow, I shall go to the South Gate to enter transformation."
And so for three days.
Nobody believed it any longer.
On the fourth day, and now without any spectators, Fuke went alone outside the city walls, and laid himself into the coffin.
He asked a traveler who chanced by to nail down the lid.
The news spread at once, and the people of the market rushed there.
On opening the coffin, they found that the body had vanished, but from high up in the sky they heard the ring of his hand bell.
Kakushin had travelled to China for six years and studied with the famous Chinese Chan master Wumen (無門) of the Linji lineage.
Kakushin became a disciple of Chôsan, a 17th generation teacher of the Fuke sect of China.
Although it no longer exists as a religious organization, during the feudal period, Fuke Zen's following was quite extensive.
Its members could be easily recognized by their practice of playing the shakuhachi flute, which was considered a form of meditation, termed suizen (吹禪).
These musician-monks were known at first as komosō (薦僧; literally "straw-mat monks") and, by the mid-17th century, as komusō (虚無僧; literally "emptiness monk").
Fuke Zen in general stressed pilgrimage, and its adherents were mostly lay-practitioners rather than clergymen.
During the Edo period (1603–1867), many rōnin became incorporated into the sect, and due to the temperaments of these former samurai, the sect gained the reputation of harbouring troublemakers.
Members of the Fuke sect were also given permission by the Bakufu government of the time to travel freely throughout the country, a significant dispensation considering the severe travel restrictions of the time.
In reality, some of the Fuke monks were spies for the Bakufu government, a practice which helped seal the sect's demise when the government itself fell.
However, the sect died out in 1871 following the Meiji Restoration.
The new government promulgated a grand council proclamation banning the practice of Fuke Zen and playing the shakuhachi for religious reasons.
This is because, as described above, in practice many of the Fuke were spies and informers for the government.
Practice of the shakuhachi was banned entirely for four years by the Meiji government, after which it was decreed that secular playing was permitted.
From that time onward the playing of original Fuke pieces, honkyoku, made a very slow recovery.
The recovery is continuing to this day.
Zen's Chinese Heritage: The Masters and Their Teachings.
Wisdom Publications, Boston, 2000. .
Watson, Burton; tr.
The Zen Teachings of Master Lin-Chi: A Translation of the Lin-chi lu.
New York: Columbia University Press, 1999. .
Schloegl, Irmgard; tr.
The Zen Teaching of Rinzai.
Shambhala Publications, Inc., Berkeley, 1976. .
47, No.
Motherland is the fourth studio album by Arsonists Get All the Girls.
It was released on .
The song "Avdotya" was released on the band's Facebook page on .
The song "Dr. Teeth" was released through the band's Facebook page on .
The band began streaming the entire album to fans via the band's Myspace on .
The Bolivian National Congress 1993–1997 was elected on 6 June 1993.
John Philip "Jack" Wilson, DSC, AFC (3 April 1889 – 3 October 1959) was an English amateur first-class cricketer, a decorated World War I pilot and winner of the Grand National in 1925.
He was educated at Harrow School, London, England.
He played against the touring South Africans and Worcestershire in August the following year, and against the Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC) in September to round out his nine match Yorkshire first-class career.
His final two matches came for H. D. G. Leveson-Gower's XI against Oxford and Cambridge Universities at The Saffrons, Eastbourne, in the final summer before the start of World War I.
He was not prolific in the first-class arena.
His best innings was a knock of 36 against Middlesex at Bradford, while his solitary first-class wicket was that of J. W. Hitch, the Surrey and England all-rounder.
He also played for the Yorkshire Second XI, and in country house cricket for the Yorkshire Gentlemen.
In April 1915 he attacked two German submarines lying at anchor alongside the Mole at Zeebrugge with four bombs "with successful results."
Later that summer, on 7 June he attacked the Zeppelin shed at Evere, north of Brussels in a daring night attack, a mission for which he and his co-pilot J. S. Mills, were awarded the Distinguished Service Cross.
On 1 January 1916, Wilson was promoted to flight commander, and on 31 December to squadron commander.
He was made a Chevalier of the Belgian Order of the Crown on 29 August 1917.
On 1 April 1918, the Royal Naval Air Service was merged with the Army's Royal Flying Corps to form the Royal Air Force, and Wilson joined the new service with the equivalent rank of major.
In the 1919 New Year Honours, announced on 1 January 1919, he was awarded the Air Force Cross "in recognition of distinguished service".
On 22 March 1919 Wilson relinquished his commission "on account of ill-health".
He was allowed to retain his rank.
He rode more than 200 winners, rode in Grand National three times, and won on Double Chance in 1925.
He died in October 1959 in Tickton, Beverley, East Riding of Yorkshire.
His wife's elder sister was married to Stanley Jackson, former England cricket captain; Jackson thus became Wilson's brother-in-law.
The 2012 Eurocup Final Four was the concluding stage of the 2011–12 Eurocup season, the 10th season of the second-tier basketball league in Europe.
Euroleague Basketball Company announced that the 2011-12 Eurocup season would culminate with the Eurocup Finals in Khimki, Russia, on April 14 and 15.
The host Khimki won the Eurocup title, after beating Valencia in the Final.
Khimki's Zoran Planinić was named the Final Four MVP.
This is a list of prime ministers of Madagascar, since the establishment of the office of Chief Minister in 1828, during the Merina Kingdom.
The National Football League 100th Anniversary All-Time Team was revealed in 2019 after being voted on by a panel consisting of media members, former players and league personnel.
It honored the best players of the first 100 years of the National Football League (NFL).
Tom Brady, Larry Fitzgerald, and Adam Vinatieri were the only active players when the team was revealed; Rob Gronkowski was also active when the voting occurred.
Bill Belichick is the only active head coach to be selected.
New England Patriots head coach Bill Belichick and Pro Football Hall of Fame head coach John Madden were also two of the voters and were in charge of looking over film and issuing a report to the committee on players in the early years of the league.
There was a vote to trim the list to 160 in mid-May 2018, after considering the "Golden Era" players recommended by Belichick and Madden.
Another debate was held in May with the final votes due on June 15, 2018.
Players were selected at each position group, and were voted in no order.
There will be 10 quarterbacks, 12 running backs, 10 wide receivers, 5 tight ends, 7 tackles, 7 guards, 4 centers, 7 defensive ends, 7 defensive tackles, 6 outside linebackers, 6 middle/inside linebackers, 7 cornerbacks, 6 safeties, 2 kickers, 2 punters, 2 kick/punt returners, and 10 coaches.
The roster was unveiled over six weeks on NFL Network by host Rich Eisen alongside Cris Collinsworth and Belichick.
On December 23, 2019 the remaining 20 finalists for the 100th Anniversary All-Time Team were announced.
They included Troy Aikman, Sammy Baugh, Terry Bradshaw, Tom Brady, Drew Brees, John Elway, Brett Favre, Dan Fouts, Otto Graham, Bobby Layne, Sid Luckman, Peyton Manning, Dan Marino, Joe Namath, Aaron Rodgers, Bart Starr, Roger Staubach, Fran Tarkenton, Johnny Unitas, Norm Van Brocklin, and Steve Young.
The finalists included Marcus Allen, Jerome Bettis, Jim Brown, Earl Campbell, Earl "Dutch" Clark, Eric Dickerson, Tony Dorsett, Marshall Faulk, Harold "Red" Grange, Franco Harris, Hugh McElhenny, Lenny Moore, Marion Motley, Bronko Nagurski, Walter Payton, Adrian Peterson, Barry Sanders, Gale Sayers, O.J.
Simpson, Emmitt Smith, Jim Taylor, Thurman Thomas, LaDainian Tomlinson, and Steve Van Buren.
They included Lance Alworth, Raymond Berry, Fred Biletnikoff, Cris Carter, Tom Fears, Larry Fitzgerald, Marvin Harrison, Bob Hayes, Elroy "Crazylegs" Hirsch, Don Hutson, Michael Irvin, Calvin Johnson, Charlie Joiner, Steve Largent, Dante Lavelli, James Lofton, Don Maynard, Randy Moss, Terrell Owens, Pete Pihos, Jerry Rice, John Stallworth, Charley Taylor, and Paul Warfield.
Sixteen of the 40 finalists were tackles, including Bob "The Boomer" Brown, Roosevelt "Rosey" Brown, Lou Creekmur, Dan Dierdorf, Forrest Gregg, Cal Hubbard, Walter Jones, Ron Mix, Anthony Muñoz, Jonathan Ogden, Orlando Pace, Willie Roaf, Art Shell, Bob St. Clair, Joe Thomas, and Ron Yary.
Fifteen of the 40 finalists were guards, including Larry Allen, Joe DeLamielleure, Dan Fortmann, John Hannah, Jerry Kramer, Larry Little, Tom Mack, Bruce Matthews, Randall McDaniel, Mike Michalske, Mike Munchak, Jim Parker, Will Shields, Dick Stanfel, and Gene Upshaw.
Nine of the 40 finalists were centers, including Dermontti Dawson, Mel Hein, Jim Langer, Jim Otto, Jim Ringo, Dwight Stephenson, Mick Tingelhoff, Clyde "Bulldog" Turner and Mike Webster.
Seventeen of the 33 defensive linemen were defensive ends, including Doug Atkins, Willie Davis, Carl Eller, Len Ford, Bill Hewitt, Deacon Jones, Howie Long, Gino Marchetti, Julius Peppers, Andy Robustelli, Lee Roy Selmon, Bruce Smith, Michael Strahan, DeMarcus Ware, J.J. Watt, Reggie White, and Jack Youngblood.
Sixteen of the 33 defensive linemen were defensive tackles, including Junious "Buck" Buchanan, Curley Culp, Art Donovan, "Mean" Joe Greene, Cortez Kennedy, Bob Lilly, Gene "Big Daddy" Lipscomb, Leo Nomellini, Merlin Olsen, Alan Page, John Randle, Warren Sapp, Tom Sestak, Ernie Stautner, Randy White, and Bill Willis.
The finalists included Chuck Bednarik, Bobby Bell, Derrick Brooks, Dick Butkus, Harry Carson, Bill George, Kevin Greene, Jack Ham, Ted Hendricks, Clarke Hinkle, Sam Huff, Luke Kuechly, Jack Lambert, Willie Lanier, Ray Lewis, Von Miller, Ray Nitschke, Dave Robinson, Joe Schmidt, Junior Seau, Mike Singletary, Lawrence Taylor, Derrick Thomas, Brian Urlacher, and Dave Wilcox.
Sixteen of the 30 defensive back finalists were cornerbacks, including Herb Adderley, Champ Bailey, Lem Barney, Mel Blount, Willie Brown, Darrell Green, Mike Haynes, Jimmy Johnson, Dick "Night Train" Lane, Patrick Peterson, Mel Renfro, Darrelle Revis, Deion Sanders, Aeneas Williams, Charles Woodson, and Rod Woodson.
Fourteen of the 30 defensive back finalists were safeties, including Jack Christiansen, Brian Dawkins, Kenny Easley, Ken Houston, Paul Krause, Yale Lary, Ronnie Lott, Troy Polamalu, Ed Reed, Johnny Robinson, Donnie Shell, Emlen Tunnell, Larry Wilson, and Willie Wood.
Four of the 12 special team finalists were kickers, including Morten Andersen, Lou Groza, Jan Stenerud, and Adam Vinatieri.
Four of the 12 special team finalists were punters, including Ray Guy, Yale Lary, Shane Lechler, and Jerrel Wilson.
Four of the 12 special team finalists were return specialists, including Mel Gray, Devin Hester, Billy "White Shoes" Johnson, and Brian Mitchell.
Milo was a small settlement in Lincoln County, Kansas, United States.
The post office was discontinued in 1938.
Suketu Mehta is the New York-based author of Maximum City: Bombay Lost and Found, which won the Kiriyama Prize and the Hutch Crossword Award, and was a finalist for the 2005 Pulitzer Prize, the Lettre Ulysses Prize, the BBC4 Samuel Johnson Prize, and the Guardian First Book Award.
His autobiographical account of his experiences in Mumbai, Maximum City, was published in 2004.
The book, based on two and a half years research, explores the underbelly of the city.
He has won the O. Henry Prize, as well as a New York Foundation for the Arts Fellowship for his fiction.
Mehta’s work has been published in The New Yorker, The New York Times Magazine, National Geographic, Granta, Harper’s, Time, Newsweek, The New York Review of Books  and Scroll.in,  and has been featured on NPR’s Fresh Air, and NPR's All Things Considered.
Mehta has also written original screenplays for films, including New York, I Love You (2008) and Mission Kashmir with novelist Vikram Chandra.
He is a graduate of New York University and the University of Iowa Writers' Workshop.
Mehta is an Associate Professor of Journalism at New York University and lives in Manhattan.
He won the O. Henry Prize for his short story Gare du Nord published in Harper's Magazine in 1997.
He won a Fellowship of the New York Foundation for the Arts.
He won a 2007 Guggenheim Fellowship.
2005 Pulitzer Prize finalist for the book Maximum City.
Maximum City was also chosen as one of the books of the year 2004 by The Economist.
Maximum City won the 2005 Kiriyama Prize.
Farrar, Straus and Giroux.
2019.
Clypeomorus bifasciata is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cerithiidae.
1855.
Thesaurus Conchyliorum, or monographs of genera of shells.
London : Sowerby Vol.
2(16) 847-899, pls 176-186.
Houbrick R.S.
1985.
Genus Clypeomorus Jousseaume (Cerithiidae: Prosobranchia).
Aruna Ramchandra Shanbaug (1 June 1948 – 18 May 2015), was an Indian nurse who was at the centre of attention in a court case on euthanasia after spending 42 years in a vegetative state as a result of sexual assault.
In 1973, while working as a junior nurse at King Edward Memorial Hospital, Parel, Mumbai, Shanbaug was sexually assaulted by a ward boy, Sohanlal Bhartha Walmiki, and remained in a vegetative state following the assault.
On 24 January 2011, after she had been in this state for 37 years, the Supreme Court of India responded to the plea for euthanasia filed by journalist Pinki Virani, by setting up a medical panel to examine her.
The court rejected the petition on 7 March 2011.
However, in its landmark opinion, it allowed passive euthanasia in India.
Shanbaug died of pneumonia on 18 May 2015 after being in a persistent vegetative state for nearly 42 years.
She worked as a nurse at the King Edward Memorial Hospital (KEM) in Mumbai.
At the time of the attack, she was engaged to a doctor at the same hospital.
Sohanlal attacked her while she was changing clothes in the hospital basement.
He choked her with a dog chain and sodomized her.
The asphyxiation cut off oxygen to her brain, resulting in brain stem contusion injury, cervical cord injury, and cortical blindness.
She was discovered with blood splattered around her at 7:45 am the next morning by a cleaner.
The police case was registered as a case of robbery and attempted murder because of the concealment of anal rape by the doctors.
He was not convicted of rape, sexual molestation, or unnatural sexual offense, the last of which could have required him to serve a seven-year sentence by itself.
Journalist and human-rights activist Pinki Virani tried to track down Sohanlal; she was led to believe that Sohanlal had changed his name after leaving prison in 1980 but continued to work in a Delhi hospital, and since neither the King Edward Memorial Hospital nor the court that tried Sohanlal kept a file photo of him, Virani's search failed.
Other reports claimed he had subsequently died of AIDS or tuberculosis.
Shortly after Shanbaug's death was announced, however, Sohanlal was traced to his father-in-law's village of Parpa in western Uttar Pradesh, where he was found to be still living, married with a family, and working as a labourer and cleaner in a power station.
After his release from prison, he returned to his ancestral village of Dadupur in western Uttar Pradesh before moving to Parpa in the late 1980s.
He is described as deeply regretful and tired of life, and reportedly views his subsequent life as "penance", blaming his "mistake" for his daughter's death while he was in prison, maintaining a vegetarian diet, not smoking or drinking, and not touching his wife for many years after leaving prison.
Sohanlal said he only learned of Shanbaug's death after Mumbai based journalist Dnyanesh Chavan from Marathi daily Sakal came looking for him earlier that week.
When interviewed, Sohanlal described his version of the assault, claiming it had been committed in a "fit of rage" and that he had no clear recollection of when it had taken place or what he may have done, though he denied raping her and said that it "must have been someone else".
Prior to that night, Sohanlal, then a hospital janitor, had had a difficult relationship with Shanbaug, his superior.
He says that "there was an argument and a physical fight" when Shanbaug refused to give him leave to visit his ill mother-in-law and said that she would write him up for poor work.
In the 1980s, the Municipal Corporation of Greater Mumbai (BMC) made two attempts to move Shanbaug outside the KEM Hospital to free the bed she had been occupying for seven years.
KEM nurses launched a protest, and the BMC abandoned the plan.
On 17 December 2010, the Supreme Court, while admitting the plea to end the life made by activist-journalist Pinki Virani, sought a report on Shanbaug's medical condition from the hospital in Mumbai and the government of Maharashtra.
On 24 January 2011, the Supreme Court of India responded to the plea for euthanasia filed by Aruna's friend, journalist Pinki Virani, by setting up a medical panel to examine her.
A three-member medical panel was established under the Supreme Court's directive.
After examining Shanbaug, the panel concluded that she met "most of the criteria of being in a permanent vegetative state".
On 7 March 2011, the Supreme Court, in a landmark judgement, issued a set of broad guidelines legalizing passive euthanasia in India.
These guidelines for passive euthanesia—i.e.
the decision to withdraw treatment, nutrition, or water—establish that the decision to discontinue life support must be taken by parents, spouse, or other close relatives, or in the absence of them, by a "next friend".
This decision requires approval from the concerned High Court.
In its judgement, the court declined to recognize Virani as the "next friend" of Aruna Shanbaug, and instead treated the KEM hospital staff as the "next friend."
We do not mean to decry or disparage what Ms. Pinky Virani has done.
Rather, we wish   to   express   our   appreciation   of   the splendid social spirit she has shown.
We have seen on the internet that she has been espousing many social causes, and we hold her in high esteem.
All that we wish to say is that however much her interest in Aruna Shanbaug   may   be   it   cannot   match   the involvement of the KEM hospital staff who have been taking care of Aruna day and night for 38 years.
Since the KEM Hospital staff wished that Aruna Shanbaug be allowed to live, Virani's petition to withdraw life support was declined.
On 25 February 2014, while hearing a PIL filed by NGO Common Cause, a three-judge bench of the Supreme Court of India said that the prior opinion in the Aruna Shanubaug case was based on a wrong interpretation of the Constitution Bench's opinion in Gian Kaur v. State of Punjab.
The court also determined that the opinion was internally inconsistent because although it held that euthanasia can be allowed only by an act of the legislature, it then proceeded to judicially establish euthanasia guidelines.
The court referred the issue to a larger Constitution Bench for resolution, writing:In view of the inconsistent opinions rendered in Aruna Shanbaug (supra) and also considering the important question of law involved which needs to be reflected in the light of social, legal, medical and constitutional perspective, it becomes extremely important to have a clear enunciation of law.
Thus, in our cogent opinion, the question of law involved requires careful consideration by a Constitution Bench of this Court for the benefit of humanity as a whole.
A senior nurse at the hospital later said, "We have to tend to her just like a small child at home.
She only keeps aging like any of us, does not create any problems for us.
We take turns looking after her and we love to care for her.
How can anybody think of taking her life?"
Pinki Virani's lawyer, Shubhangi Tulli, decided not to file an appeal, saying "the two-judge ruling was final till the SC decided to constitute a larger bench to re-examine the issue."
Pinki Virani said, "Because of this woman who has never received justice, no other person in a similar position will have to suffer for more than three and a half decades."
She was moved to the medical intensive care unit (MICU) of the hospital and put on a ventilator.
She died the morning of 18 May 2015.
Her funeral was performed by the hospital nurses and other staff members.
Duttakumar Desai wrote the Marathi play Katha Arunachi in 1994–95, which was performed at college level and subsequently staged by Vinay Apte in 2002.
A Gujarati fiction novel, Jad Chetan, was written by popular novelist Harkisan Mehta in 1985 based on Aruna Shanbaug's case.
Anumol played Aruna in the 2014 Malayalam film Maram Peyyumbol.
Aruna's story was also portrayed in the Crime Patrol series of Sony TV.
Mehta Publishing House.
The  was established in 1989 as part of the cultural building boom in Yamagata celebrating the 100-year anniversary of the founding of the city.
Located about 20 minutes by train (Senzan Line between Yamagata and Sendai) from Yamagata Station, it sits on the south side of the steep river valley facing Yamadera to the north, the historic temple founded in 860 which is one of the area's  most beloved sacred sites and top sightseeing destinations.
The Museum focuses on the life of Matsuo Bashō (1644–1694) who perfected the art of haiku, the concise 5-7-5 syllable verse form now appreciated and written around the world.
Many treasures from Basho's own hand and writing brush are regularly displayed, along with works of literati and artists from his time, and of those who followed later.
Special exhibitions on related themes are also regularly mounted in the gallery.
The spacious grounds and gardens are beautiful all year round, and the facility includes many traditional Japanese style meeting rooms and tea rooms which are regularly used for citizens' tea ceremonies and other cultural programs, including seminars on literature and haiku taikai poetry writing contests　(俳句大会）, in both Japanese and English.
The beautiful buildings in traditional sukiya-zukuri (数寄屋造り）tea ceremony room style were designed by the well-known architect Masao Nakamura.
Information is also available in English on the exhibitions and on Basho's life and his major work Oku no Hosomichi "The Narrow Road to the Deep North," his travel journal of haiku and paintings based on his trip to the area.
Lada Izhevsk is a subsidiary of the carmaking company AvtoVAZ based in Izhevsk, Russia.
It was formerly a subsidiary of Izmash under the IzhAvto brand, and manufactured both motorcycles and automobiles.
The company was given its current name in 2017.
It used a GAZ chassis and a  flat-twin engine based on the Ural M72.
It was not produced in quantity.
The Izhevsk car factory was established in 1965 with French automaker Renault as the main contractor.
The company started on 12 December 1966 with assembling copies of Moskvitch models 408 (as the IZh 408) with parts shipped in.
By he end of the year, 300 had been completed, with the number reaching 4,000 by December 1967.
In December 1967, the Moskvitch 412 replaced the 408 on the assembly line (as the IZh 412).
This was joined by the 434 sedan delivery in 1968, and later by the AZLK-2138 and 2140, until the IZh-2126 Oda (liftback and wagon, the second body style marked as Fabula).
The Oda bore a very close resemblance to the Moskvitch AZLK-2141 Aleko, but had a completely different rear-wheel drive design.
Styling began to diverge from the AZLK originals beginning in 1970, when IZh kept two round headlamps instead of adopting Moskvitch's rectangular ones, and got a different grille.
In 1971, the IZh-built 412 was redesignated 412IE.
The IZh-built 412s had a reputation for being better quality than the Moskvitch originals.
In 1970, IZh designed a prototype five-door hatchback (with the same high liftover) and a delivery on the 412 platform.
The delivery in 1972 became the IZh 2715; it was powered by a  inline four, had twin rear doors and a box-like cargo area (akin to a cube van ) and could carry a  load.
It and a pickup (what hot rodders would call a pickoupe), announced as the 27151 in 1974, were very popular, both officially in production until 1997, with the final examples built as late as 2001.
Pickups were occasionally bought as far away as South America and South Africa, but were forbidden to private owners in the Soviet Union.
The 2715 delivery was used by the Soviet post office.
A windowed version with rear bed seats, the 27156, appeared in 1987.
Top speed was  and "roadholding on wet and slippery roads rather minimal".
The hatchback reached the market in 1975 as the 2125 Kombi, and it gave IZh another winning model.
IZh produced its one millionth unit in 1977.
AZLK 412-based IZh models, which were completely IZh own designs were 2715, 27151, 2125 and 21251.
2125 was built until 1982, when it was facelifted along with IZh 412 IE, 2715 and 27121.
The newer version of 2125 was named 21251.
All of the IZh own models were based on AZLK 412 and the bodyshell(with the exception of the rear part, which were different on 2715/27151 and 2125/21251) along with mechanical parts were direct copies of AZLK 412.
Between 1973 and 1979 IZh was one of the makes marketed by SATRA in the United Kingdom under the Cossack Motorcycles brand; the Planeta and Jupiter models.
The company became an independent subsidiary of the weapons manufacturer Izhmash in 1996, when it was established as a separate company named DAO "Izhmash-Avto".
It was ultimately acquired by the SOK Group in 2000.
By 2003, the plant produced 94,200 cars including the Zhiguli and the Izh Oda.
The Kia Spectra sedan was produced for the Korean carmaker under a 2005 partnership agreement.
IzhAvto filed for bankruptcy in 2009.
The plant is also one of the production sites of the Lada Vesta, which debuted in 2015.
The decision to manufacture the Vesta in Izhevsk was taken by former AvtoVAZ CEO Bo Andersson, due to a higher perceived quality of production in the plant, compared to the group's main factory in Tolyatti.
The plant built the 5 millionth car in December 2017.
They "owed a little" to contemporary DKWs.
In the 1970s and 1980s, these motorcycles were sold in Britain under the Cossack and Neval brands.
The company was the largest Soviet motorcycle maker.
Production of Izh motorcycles ended in 2008.
South Korea competed (as Korea) at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, China.
This is a list of all of the South Korean athletes who qualified for the Olympics and their results.
South Korea sent a delegation of 267 athletes to these games.
North and South Korea had initially intended to send a joint delegation to the Games, but were unable to agree on the details of its implementation.
(See North Korea at the 2008 Summer Olympics.)
The South Korean contingent aimed for ten gold medals and to be ranked in the top ten in the games.
However, they exceeded expectations and the nation was ranked 7th in gold medals, and 8th in total medals.
The 13 gold medals won was the highest number of gold medals earned in its Olympic history.
This qualified the nation to send full teams of three men and three women to the Olympics.
2008 will be Korea's third appearance in the Olympic baseball tournament; the team took the bronze medal in 2000 and placed eighth in 1996.
On Korea's third appearance, they won the gold.
It will be the women's team's sixth Olympic appearance.
Lee, Baik, and Kim each earned their spots at the first Asian qualifying tournament.
Han and Cho joined them as Olympic qualifiers at the second qualifying tournament.
- Decision by Points - the loser with technical points.
- Decision by Points - the loser without technical points.
Dungannon, (aka "Duncannon"), was a thoroughbred racehorse owned by the tobacco planter and horse breeder George Hume Steuart (1700–1784), who imported the horse from England to race against his rival, Charles Carroll of Annapolis (1703–1783).
Dungannon won the Annapolis Subscription Plate, in May 1743, the first recorded formal horse race in colonial Maryland, and the second oldest in North America.
Charles Carroll of Annapolis (whose son, Charles Carroll of Carrollton, would later sign the Declaration of Independence in 1776) had wagered Steuart that his horse would win in a 3-mile race.
In the 1740s racing was established in almost every large town in Maryland, with many gentlemen of means establishing large studs.
The Maryland Jockey Club was founded in Annapolis in 1743, and racing soon came to form an important part of the social and political life of the colony.
At stake was the Annapolis Subscription Plate, today the oldest surviving silver object made in Maryland and the second oldest horseracing trophy in America.
The silver plate itself - in reality more of a bowl than a plate - was donated to the Baltimore Museum of Art by Mrs Alice Key Montell and Mrs Sarah Steuart Hartshorne, where it is now on display.
It was crafted by the Annapolis silversmith John Inch (1721–1763).
The replica, known as "The Dungannon Bowl", is a perpetual trophy given annually to the winner of the Dixie Stakes, the oldest stakes race run in Maryland and the Mid-Atlantic states.
The Annapolis Subscription Plate has also been revived in recent years by the descendants of Dungannon's former owner, Dr George Hume Steuart, who still live at Steuart's former tobacco plantation, Dodon, today.
The commemorative race was held at Roedown Farm, Davidsonville, Maryland in 2010.
Museum Quarterly of the Baltimore Museum of Art, April–June 1936.
The 2013 Discover Orange Bowl was a college football bowl game played on Tuesday, January 1, 2013, at Sun Life Stadium in Miami Gardens, Florida.
The game was organized by the Orange Bowl committee.
The Orange Bowl featured ACC champions Florida State versus at-large selection and MAC champions Northern Illinois.
The game was part of the 2012–2013 Bowl Championship Series and was the second of the series to be played, following the 2013 Rose Bowl.
Florida State won the game by a score of 31–10.
The Florida State Seminoles clinched a berth in the 2013 Orange Bowl by winning the 2012 ACC Championship.
The Northern Illinois Huskies became the first MAC team to earn a BCS berth by being the 15th ranked team in the nation.
A school from a BCS non-automatic qualifying conference earns a bid if in the top sixteen and ranked ahead of a champion from an automatic qualifying conference.
The Huskies, winners of the 2012 MAC Championship Game, became the first team from the MAC to make a BCS bowl.
Kenneth Lee Carpenter (August 21, 1900 – October 16, 1984) was a longtime TV and radio announcer, who was best known for being the announcer for singer and actor Bing Crosby for 27 years.
He graduated from Lombard College in Galesburg, Illinois in 1921, where he was a member of the Phi Delta Theta fraternity.
Lombard College also is where Carpenter met his future lifelong wife, Betty.
They were married July 29, 1922.
The 1930 Census reveals he was employed as a newspaper copywriter.
Not long afterward, he became a staff announcer for KFI radio.
As part of that job, Carpenter announced USC and UCLA football games for the Pacific Coast and the NBC radio networks from 1932 until 1935.
In 1935, Carpenter announced the Rose Bowl for NBC radio.
Carpenter became the color man for Bill Stern for all NBC-originated radio programming from Los Angeles from 1938 until 1942, which included the Rose Bowl.
"Those Rose Bowl games were a big break for me, as they made me known to clients and advertising agencies in the East, so I had a jump on other local men when the big commercial shows started originating in L.A. in the mid-1930s," Carpenter later said.
Carpenter continued to announce for Crosby on various programs for the next 27 years.
Crosby famously once called Carpenter "the man with the golden voice."
Carpenter also was known for ringing the chimes on many of Crosby's shows.
By virtue of his extensive announcing career, he wound up with uncredited roles in well-known movies, including Mr. Smith Goes to Washington and Susan Slept Here.
He was also the narrator for producer Jerry Fairbanks' theatrical short-subject series Unusual Occupations, released by Paramount Pictures from 1938 through 1948.
From 1949 until 1952, Carpenter was the announcer for the NBC Radio sitcom The Halls of Ivy.
He was also the announcer for Lux Radio Theater from 1952 through the end of the series in 1955; from 1955 until 1957, Carpenter hosted NBC's Lux Video Theatre program during its summer seasons.
Other programs for which Carpenter was an announcer on radio included The Great Gildersleeve, The Chase and Sanborn Program (featuring Edgar Bergen and Charlie McCarthy) and a stint on The Life of Riley from 1947 through 1949.
He died at Saint John's Health Center in Santa Monica, California on October 16, 1984 after suffering a brief illness.
Carpenter was survived by his wife Betty and his son, Ronald.
He also was survived by four grandchildren and five great grandchildren.
Deocharai is a village of Cooch Behar district, West Bengal, India.
Cassida morondaviana is a species of leaf beetle, situated in the subfamily Cassidinae (tortoise beetles) and the genus Cassida.
It was described as a new species in 2007 from specimens collected in Madagascar in 2004.
It is named after its type locality of the city of Morondava.
The Newfoundland Symphony Orchestra is a prominent orchestra from the Atlantic province of Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.
Initially a 20-piece string orchestra, the ensemble's first conductor was Nigel Wilkins, followed in 1964 by the German-born pianist and pedagogue Andreas Barban.
Under Barban's leadership, the orchestra was expanded to include woodwinds, brass, and percussion.
Other early conductors included Stan Navratil (1968) and Ian Mennie (1969-74).
By 1970 the completely amateur orchestra rehearsed regularly and performed three concerts each year.
In 1971 Peter Gardner was engaged as Resident Artist and Concertmaster.
Overall, the 1970s were a time of considerable growth for the orchestra and saw the appointment of several resident musicians.
David Gray was appointed the orchestra's first full-time conductor in 1977 and the following year, the ensemble officially changed its name to the Newfoundland Symphony Orchestra (NSO).
The NSO was incorporated in 1979 and in 1985 an initiative was established under Music Director, Mario Duschenes which resulted in the creation of the Atlantic String Quartet (ASQ), the Newfoundland Symphony Youth Orchestra, the Philharmonic Choir of the NSO, the NSO Sinfonia, the Newfoundland Symphony Youth Choir (now Shallaway) and the NSO Light Orchestra.
The current Music Director, Marc David, was hired in 1992 in the role of Principal Conductor.
Currently, the NSO is a 78 member semi-professional orchestra consisting of a small core of contract musicians, fee-per-service players, university music students, and other community players.
The NSO Sinfonia is a professional ensemble consisting of 16 NSO string players supplemented with other musicians as required (drawn from the NSO).
The Atlantic String Quartet (ASQ) is the resident string quartet of the NSO and is composed of the NSO’s Concertmaster, Principal Second Violin, Principal Viola and Principal Cellist.
All three ensembles present their own series of concerts plus special events.
The Philharmonic Choir of the NSO (PCNSO) is an auditioned community choir of 86 members which was formed to support the choral activities of the NSO.
Over the past twenty years, the choir has performed in more than seventy-five NSO productions ranging from Oratorio to opera in concert.
The Newfoundland Symphony Youth Orchestra (NSYO) is a 63 member youth ensemble whose members range in age from 14-23.
While both the PCNSO and NSYO are affiliated with the NSO, each has its own governing committee and independent artistic direction.
Indian Feudalism is a book by Indian professor Ram Sharan Sharma.
The book analyses the practice of land grants, which became considerable in the Gupta period and widespread in the post-Gupta period.
It shows how this led to the emergence of a class of landlords, endowed with fiscal and administrative rights superimposed upon a class of peasantry which was deprived of communal agrarian rights.
Professor Sharma studies in detail the basic relationships in early medieval society down to the eve of the Ghorian conquests.
He argues in favour of a "feudalism largely realising the surplus from peasants mainly in kind through superior rights in their land and through forced labour, which is not found on any considerable scale... after the Turkish conquest of India."
The third revised edition of the book was published by Macmillan Publishers in 2005.
Andre Wink, Professor of History at University of Wisconsin–Madison criticises Sharma in Al-Hind: The Making of the Indo-Islamic World (Vol.
I) for drawing too close parallels between European and Indian feudalism.
Wink writes that R.S.
Sharma's Indian Feudalism has "misguided virtually all historians of the period."
Ahvaz Field is a super-giant oil field located in Ahvaz, Khuzestan, Iran.
It was discovered in 1953 and Developed by Anglo-Persian Oil Company.
It began production in 1954.
Ahvaz field is one of the richest oil fields in the world with an estimated proven reserves around , and production is centered on .
The field is owned by National Iranian Oil Company (NIOC) and operated by National Iranian South Oil Company (NISOC).
A year later, in 1954 oil production started at an average of 35,000 barrels per day.
So far, more than 600 oil wells have been drilled and completed in Ahvaz field.
The super-giant Ahvaz field is the largest oil field in Iran and is located in the southwestern of the country, in the prolific Zagros basin.
Production from the field comes from the Asmari and the Bangestan reservoirs which respectively started producing in 1959 and 1972.
The field is one of the largest contributors to national production and although production is in decline, it remains the largest individual oil producer in Iran.
In Ahwaz field, there are 5 production units that been constructed between 1953 and 1969.
At present, the crude oil production is about 800,000 barrels a day and the amount of Natural gas processed in this field is more than 13 million cubic meters (450 billion cubic feet) per day.
The field is owned by National Iranian Oil Company (NIOC) and operated by National Iranian South Oil Company (NISOC).
The field is one of the most important oil fields in the Zagros Basin which is located in the Dezful embayment.
The trend of ahvaz oil field is northwest-southeast parallel to the Zagros mountains.
The ahvaz field is a series of structures trending NW-SE caused by uplift movement due to the Zagros reverse fault, with production area of about  long and  wide.
The ahvaz oil field is made up of three main subsurface structures, known as the Asemari, Bangestan, and Khami formations.
The asmari formation deposited in the zagros foreland basin, during the Oligocene‐Miocene.
The oil sits approximately  below the surface which is considered an easy target for production.
Currently ~430 production wells are operating at ahvaz field.
Oil production is operated by Karoon Oil and Gas Production Company (a subsidiary of NISOC) with 8 Production Units (degassing units) currently installed.
These stations provide 3-phase separation (oil, water & natural gas).
Crude oil is sent by pipeline to local refineries or pumping to ports in Kharg island for export.
Natural gas is provided to Gas Injection Facilities.
Water is disposed into disposal wells.
Said Mussa Zubeir (born 25 June 1969) is a Tanzanian CCM politician and Member of Parliament for Fuoni constituency since 2010.
Said Zubeir is also the head of the salsa family in Zanzibar, he and his wife Salama Issa Ahmed are the founder of salsa family and salsa upto date.
Said Zubeir  and Salama Issa were married in 1991 in Zanzibar Tanzania.
They have a family there which is known by the name salsa family which consist of two parents Said Zubeir ,Salama Issa and five children Maryam, Iknut, Fereij also known by many names Mussa, Salsa jr, King Alpha etc.
and their twins brother and sister Salma and Sleiyum in Zanzibar, Tanzania .
Salsa family owns the Salsa upto date company in Zanzibar,misk shops in Zanzibar and misk goods transportation agencies in East Africa.
Salsa family's Networth is 11.3 billion TSH or 4.8 million USD.
The Church of Sant'Agnese is a Gothic-style, Augustinian church in Lodi, Lombardy, a region of Italy.
The church was expanded in 1393 by Bonifacio Bottigella when he became Bishop of Lodi.
Bottigella oversaw the diocese until 1404.
The church has been celebrated as representing a great moment in Lombard Gothic Architecture.
The polygonal apse and two-tiered bell-tower are similar to that of the Lodi Cathedral.
Its defining characters are its accentuated vertical extension, arched windows, a staggered cornice, unique pointed pinnacles, and Acroterion decoration.
This is supported by rows of cylindrical pillars.
The original structure is almost entirely intact, although the original late-Gothic paintings which adorned the walls have not survived.
The most important piece of art in the church, it was painted in 1520 which originally served as the Altarpiece.
It was later relocated to a chapel on the first chapel of the right side of the aisles.
The Tympanum shows a representation of the white dove between rays of light, a symbol of the Holy Spirit.
The lunette shows a representation of God the Father imparting a blessing, flanked by scenes of annunciation.
Prípad Barnabáš Kos (The Case of Barnabáš Kos) is a 1964 Czechoslovak film directed by Peter Solan.
The film starred Josef Kemr.
Cambridge is Tim Rawle's introduction to the architectural history of Cambridge.
Concise essays telling the story of the city's growth from Roman times to the present day and of the development of the colleges of the University of Cambridge are profusely illustrated with Rawle's photographs of townscapes and views of the colleges.
"In a succession of striking images, Rawle examines halls and chapels, bridges, lanterns, gate towers and gardens.
Accompanying the pictures are well informed captions and a substantial stylishly written essay that traces the city's history from Roman times."
John Graham in the Catholic Herald remarked on the "strikingly beautiful photographs, which avoid the usual clichéd images, depicting instead the university's more unusual and private corners" and on the "excellent essay on the development of the colleges", "On more than one occasion," he noted,"I had the eerie sense of actually looking at the building itself when perusing the photograph."
Paul Kirkley's two-page illustrated feature on the book published in Cambridge Evening News gives a glimpse of how Rawle's photography captures "the hidden beauty" of the city.
Peter Richards, in his CAM review, wrote: "This is, quite simply, the best introduction to Cambridge ever published."
Major Ezekiel Worthen (March 18, 1710 - 1793) was a New Hampshire native who participated in the American Revolutionary War, French and Indian War, King George's War, and the Siege of Louisbourg (1745).
David Firth (born  1958) is a British statistician specialising in social-science and biostatistical applications.
He was awarded the Guy Medal in Silver in 2012.
Firth obtained his Ph.D. from the University of London in 1987 under the supervision of David Roxbee Cox.
Firth developed quasi-variance estimation, a statistical approach to overcome the reference category problem when estimating the effects of a categorical explanatory variable within a statistical model.
Mydol (stylized as MyDol or MyDOL) is a South Korean reality show that documented the formation and debut process of the boy band, VIXX.
It premiered on Mnet on April 12, 2012.
Countdown.
The second half of the series follows the early pre-debut activities of the final six members who have made it into the group.
They are shot by renowned fashion photographer Choi Yong Bin.
They start off with individual shoots followed by group shots, Daewon and Ravi are both lauded for their modelling.
Later, the trainees are shown at their training studio, where they practice choreography by Yang Wook.
After Yang Wook leaves, the trainees continue practicing the dance for several hours.
The most recently added trainees - Yoonchul, Byoungjun & Hyuk - are singled out by N for not executing the choreography well.
The scene cuts back to three days prior, where the 3 newest trainees arrive at the dorm for the first time.
Since the other trainees are out practicing, the dorm is empty and the three newbies unpack in a disorganized manner then share a meal.
While they are eating, the original seven members arrive at the dorm much to both parties' surprise.
Many of the original trainees are annoyed at the current state of the dorm and they share their concerns with the new additions and explain the rules of the dorm which include: Equal division of house chores, a ten-minute maximum on showers, punishment for disorganization and non ordering of food.
Back at current time, the next day the trainees head to their practice room for individual dance practice.
Daewon, Ken and Hongbin assess the dance skills of the three newbies.
It's determined that Byoungjun is most competent of the three and Hyuk and Yoonchul have room for improvement.
A few days later all ten hopefuls have gathered in the practice room for their first individual evaluations.
Among the judges are Jellyfish CEO Hwang Se Jun, Jellyfish artist Sung Si-kyung and choreographer Yang Wook.
Most of the trainees received fair critiques, but none of the trainees received universal praise and a few received negative critiques concerning their singing or dance ability.
Early next morning at the dorm, the trainees are asleep after practicing for hours.
However, Byoungjun abruptly leaves the apartment without permission for then unknown reasons.
A few days later, the group goes to M Studio for their first profile video shoot.
While shooting Byoungjun suddenly returns, and the trainees are uneasy around him because he left.
He apparently just wanted a break, and went to visit some friends and his father.
Teen actress Kim Yoo-jung arrives later to film her bit of the trainees' video shoot.
The shoot proves to be anything but easy for the idol trainees, they find themselves shirtless and covered in clay even in freezing temperatures for their filming.
Later during their practice time, Hwang Se-jun pays the idols an unexpected visit and gives the group their first mission: To form 2 teams of five and gather new fans in a public setting.
The team with the most online votes wins.
After the mydols return home to the dorm, they gather around to find out which team won the first mission.
CEO Hwang Se-jun makes a surprise appearance and has come to reveal the winner of the mission based on the online vote.
Team Devils is revealed to be the winners, by a margin on 71 votes.
Team Devils received 629 votes in total, giving them 52.99& of the vote.
Team Heaven received 558 votes, giving them 47.01% of the votes.
For winning the mission, N, Daewon, Hongbin, Byoungjun & Hyuk receive a visit to a massage shop as a prize.
For the losing team, their punishment is to run from the dorms to their practice room for one week.
Later the Mydols go off for their individual practice sessions after group dance practice.
They also visit the gym regularly for the mandatory exercise regiment.
The next day, Hwang Se-jun visits the trainees again at their practice studio to reveal the decided number of members the final group will have.
After several meetings within the company, Se-jun decides that a 6-member group would be the best choice.
The ten group is even more anxious due to this reminder.
A few days after the announcement, the Mydols visit a cafe after their individual vocal practices to unwind and relax.
While at the cafe, they suddenly receive their next mission in the form of a video recording, which is break up into groups of 5 and have idol dance cover battle.
The two youngest, Hyuk and Yoonchul, are decided as team captains and they arm wrestle to decide who picks first for their team, Hyuk beats Yoonchul.
Days later after the trainees' main dance practice with Yang Sook, he inspects their respective dances for the mission battle.
He deems both teams as messy and in need of more practice.
Hyuk's team is especially criticized since Yang Sook thinks it's a performance only Rain himself can execute.
After the critique, Hyuk's team arrives at a possible stalemate: Nakhun who thinks they should change songs, and Ravi who wants to stick to the song they have.
Some days later, the group of trainees are suddenly practicing their acting as opposed to their normal routine.
It was decided that the trainees would take part in an acting mission due to overwhelming requests for it on the MyDols Angels fan page.
Jellyfish artist Seo In-guk and music video director Lee Geun-Ho stop by the practice room to judge which trainee has best acting skills and to determine which of them will earn a role in In-guk's newest music video.
Ken and Leo's acting tests were not shown.
A few days later, the head of the rookie development team, Lee Hee Jung arrives at the trainee practice room to reveal the winner of the acting test audition and HongBin is revealed to be the winner.
At a later time, HongBin leaves the trainees and goes to music video shooting location.
He shoots his scene with the female lead, actress Son Eun-seo.
Some days later while the Mydols are busy practicing for their second mission, they are shocked by an unexpected visitor.
It's idol star Lee Joon of MBLAQ, he's come to give the trainees encouragement and guidance from his past trainee experience.
After evaluating them individually, he praises Ravi for his impressive dance skills.
The day of the second mission has arrived and both teams have reached their performance destination.
It turns out to be middle school, where females are the minority of the student population.
The response towards the idols' individual and group performances is underwhelming to say the least.
The group travels to another school to perform, this time an all girl high school.
Both teams are very well received, especially Hyuk's team's performance of "Hip Song".
With only one day left until the first elimination, Se-jun and his fellow consultants ponder on who should be the first to go home.
On the day of the first elimination, Hwang Se-jun visits the trainees to reveal his decision.
Hyuk, Byoungjun, N, Ravi and Leo are quickly declared safe.
From the bottom group, HongBin, Nakhun and Yoonchul are next to be declared safe, leaving Ken and Daewon as the bottom two.
Without too much hesitation Ken is declared safe, which means that Daewon is the first to go, much to the shock of the other trainees, including Ken.
After sharing a brief and sad last moment with his fellow Mydol's Daewon returns to the dorms, packs up and leaves.
The day after Daewon's elimination, the 9 remaining trainees are back in the practice room when CEO Se-jun is back again, this time to inform them of their next evaluation.
The first part is a group evaluation, where they must separate into two teams, but both will perform the same song.
The second part is the inevitable individual evaluation.
Se-jun shocks the group by revealing that this is the final evaluation, after this challenge three trainees will be automatically eliminated and the final line-up will be decided.
The rappers Ravi and Byoungjun are chosen by Se-jun as the two team leaders.
The two of them however go about choosing the members for the respective teams in a disorganized manner.
In the end Ravi's team consists of himself, Leo, HongBin, Yoonchul and Hyuk, while Byoungjun's team consists of Ken, N, Nakhun and himself.
A few days after practicing for their final evaluations, the trainees go to a separate location away from the dorms.
They are unaware of the purpose of the excursion until an unexpected guest arrives to meet them.
Jellyfish artist Brian shows up to help the MyDols with their English.
He also brings along a Japanese teacher, Sayuri.
Most of the idols are nervous in both English and Japanese.
Nakhun (who was born in Australia) and Byoungjun (who was born and raised in California) excel in the English aspect of the class.
Later the trainees practice individually late into the night.
Before final evaluation day, both teams showcase their songs for vocal trainer Park Sung Joon.
He gives constructive criticism to several of the trainees, both individually and in their teams.
On the final evaluation day, the nine trainees arrive at the performance hall where their final performances will take place.
The judges for the evaluation consist of CEO Hwang Se-jun, Rap trainer J'Kyun, Dance trainer Yang Wook and singer Brian.
First up are the individual member performances.
After the individual performances, both teams perform their renditions of Seo In-guk's "Love U".
Byoungjun's team goes first and receives positive and negative feedback.
Ravi's team goes second and also receives mixed reviews but slightly more positive feedback.
The episode ends with Hwang Se-jun assembling the nine trainees to decide the final line-up.
Leo and N are the first two chosen to be a part of the group.
Se-jun then announces that two rappers will not be necessary in the group and only one out of the pair of rappers will make it in, either Byoungjun or Ravi.
SAFE The contender was chosen as part of the top group.
IN  The contender was a part of the bottom group, but was safe.
LOW  The contender was a part of the bottom two and in danger of going home.
(But later disbanded due to agency's financial difficulties).
Shin Yoonchul transferred to Stardom Entertainment and successfully debuted as a member of the 13 member hip-hop group Topp Dogg on October 24, 2013, under the stage name Nakta.
Lee Daewon debuted as a member of the group OFFROAD.
He hasn't had his official debut in Korea yet as one of the new members of OFFROAD as they haven't made a comeback since 2013 but is very active promoting in Southeast Asia.
Despite not having been introduced formally, he has already appeared in Episode 166-167 (Celebrity Wrestling Tournament) of Cool Kiz on the Block as OFFROAD's leader.
Daewon has also started competing in professional mixed martial arts.
Lee Byoungjun transferred to YG Entertainment but left a year later to produce his own music under the name of Teddie Lee.
Siren Radio, sometimes known simply as Siren and formally known as Siren FM, is a community radio station based at the University of Lincoln in the United Kingdom.
It broadcasts to the city of Lincoln on 107.3 FM and at its website, [http://www.sirenonline.co.ukSiren Online].
Siren moved to Lincoln in 1998 during the first stages of the gradual move of the university to the city.
After operating its annual RSLs on FM each April or May it began to augment its output by broadcasting online for much of each academic year.
The university was awarded its community radio licence by Ofcom in 2006, and began test transmissions for the new station at midday on 14 July 2007.
The primary aim of the station is to serve the young people and communities of the greater Lincoln area, meaning that Siren is catering for a younger audience than its mainstream neighbours BBC Lincolnshire and Lincs FM.
As a result, the station is more involved with diverse communities outside of the university since it began broadcasting programmes on 11 August 2007 under the leadership of Managing Editor Andrew David, a former BBC television and radio broadcaster.
The station fitted a new antenna with a co-linear stacked dipole aerial on 20 August 2008 to improve reception in the north of the city.
Its situation on a university campus offers opportunities for students to showcase their work and in some cases undertake assessments live on air with Journalism students producing weekly news and current affairs programmes.
Catering for a younger audience than the mainstream stations heard in Lincoln, once a year schoolchildren are invited to produce and present their own programmes.
There have also been projects aimed at communicating language and science education to a wider audience and funds granted to support the development of community journalism.
Siren has supported a number of organisations in the Lincoln area to facilitate young people's access to the media.
From November 2008 it has been involved with the Lincolnshire Young Journalist Academy (LYJA) and from Sept 2009 to June 2010 was working with c1Media, the Lincolnshire Employment Accommodation Project (LEAP), Lincoln College and others in a Media Box funded project.
The station has been keen to raise funds for a range of charities including the Haiti earthquake in 2010 and the BBC's Children in Need.
Young people on Siren have been recognised with a number of broadcasting and journalism prizes.
One of the contributors won 2 International Edward R Murrow Awards in 2010 for documentary and factual programming, the station was nominated in the same year for a BBC Partnership Achievement Award for its journalism and community outreach work and in 2009 a volunteer on the station was short-listed in the same category.
The University's School of Journalism won the Broadcast Journalism Training Council's (BJTC's) Award for Innovation in Broadcast Journalism Training in part for their work with Siren.
In 2015 it was named East Midlands Station of the Year and has won its 6th Edward R. Murrow RTDNA award for News Documentary.
On 25 September 2017, Siren FM rebranded to be known of as Siren Radio.
Its new slogan is "A Fresh Sound for Lincoln".
Sabalan (, Sabalân) was a Palestinian Arab village in the Safad Subdistrict, located  northwest of Safad.
It stood at an elevation of  above sea level overlooking the Druze village of Hurfeish.
In 1945, Sabalan had a population of 70.
It was depopulated during the 1948 Palestine War.
There are four good springs to the east, besides cisterns."
Some believe Sabalan is supposed to be Zebulun, the son of Jacob, while others claim he was a da'is ("missionary") who joined the Druze religion and helped promote it in the region.
Archaeological artifacts, namely rock-cut tombs are located near the tomb.
A population list from about 1887 showed  Nebi Abu Sebalan to have  about 75 inhabitants; all  Muslims.
Because of the steep slopes that surrounded Sabalan, the village was only able to expand on its northwestern end.
Although the tomb of Nabi Sabalan was sacred to the Druze,  At the centre of the village  stood a mosque.
In the 1922 census of Palestine  Sabalan  had a population of 68; all Muslim,  increasing in  the 1931 census, to  94 Muslims, in 18  houses.
By the 1945 statistics the population was  70 Muslims,  with a total of 1,798 dunams of land, according to an official land and population survey.
Of this, a total of 421 dunums were used for cereals; 144 dunums were irrigated or used for plantations,  while a 14 dunams were built-up (urban) area.
Units of Israel's Golani Brigade overran the village with support from the Sheva Brigade as they were advancing along the road leading from Suhmata and Sa'sa'.
No Jewish localities were built on village lands,  According to Palestinian historian, Walid Khalidi, "Only one village house and a well remain."
The remaining house is occupied by the Druze guards and caretakers of the Nabi Sabalan tomb and new buildings were constructed to accommodate pilgrims and visitors.
In 1965, Druze youth activists led by Samih al-Qasim protested the confiscation of the lands surrounding the tomb by the Israeli government which declared them "state lands."
The Druze religious leadership established Eid al-Nabi Sabalan ("Feast of the Prophet Sabalan") in 1971.
Today, the lands of the village, including the holy shrine, were annexed to the Druze town of Hurfeish.
A neighborhood for released soldiers was built there.
The Qualifications and Credit Framework (QCF) Level 3/4 Certificate in Teaching in the Lifelong Learning Sector (CTLLS) is an initial teacher training qualification, studied at QCF Level 3 or 4, for teaching in Further Education (FE) and the lifelong learning sector of education in the United Kingdom.
The CTLLS is the second highest of the teaching qualifications specifically for this sector of education, the others being the Diploma in Teaching in the Lifelong Learning Sector (DTLLS) and the Preparing to Teach in the Lifelong Learning Sector (PTLLS), qualifications all of which were introduced in 2007 and later updated in 2011.
The QCF Level 4 Certificate in Teaching in the Lifelong Learning Sector qualification (CTLLS), will be replaced with the Level 3 Award in Education and Training qualification.
Fishermen's Memorial State Park is a public recreation area and campground encompassing  on Point Judith in the town of Narragansett, Rhode Island.
The state park occupies a portion of the former Fort Nathaniel Greene, named after Rhode Island native and Revolutionary War general Nathaniel Greene.
The Battery Hamilton area was heavily fortified with 16-inch guns capable of reaching 26 miles out to sea.
After the fort was decommissioned following World War II, the state of Rhode Island began purchasing the land for use as a state park in 1953.
The name Fishermen's Memorial was chosen to honor all Narragansett-area fishermen, both commercial and sport.
In 1970, the former fort opened as a campground.
A former military fire control tower serves as park headquarters.
An Army Reserve facility still occupies part of the site.
The former west reservation is the campground, and includes Battery 109, a massive concrete and earth emplacement intended for two 16-inch guns that was never armed.
The former south reservation is near Point Judith Light on the ocean, and includes Battery 211, a bunker that supported two 6-inch guns.
The Point Judith Fishermen's Memorial is located next to this bunker.
One of the 6-inch gun positions is on the (much eroded) beach in front of Battery 211.
Paths are maintained to the tops of the bunkers for Battery 109 and Battery 211, which have excellent views.
However, no interpretation of the military facilities in the park is provided.
Pedro E. Pico (27 July 1882 – 12 November 1945) was an Argentine dramatist, lawyer, journalist and screenwriter.
His plays such as La polca del espiante and ¡Para eso se paga!
were performed at the Teatro de la Comedia, and he later wrote several plays with Samuel Eichelbaum including Un romance turco (A Turkish Romance)  (1920) and La Juana Figueroa (1921).
In the 1940s he became a successful screenwriter; at the 1944 Argentine Film Critics Association Awards he won the Silver Condor Award for Best Adapted Screenplay with Manuel Agromayor and Alfredo de la Guardia for Juvenilia.
Arleen Schloss (born December 12, 1943 in Brooklyn, NY) is a noted "North American performance art pioneer, video/film artist, sound poet, director and curator"   who is an influential figure in the Downtown New York art, video, performance art and music scenes.
Schloss began her influence through A’s – an interdisciplinary loft space that became a hub for music, exhibitions, performance art, films and videos.
A hotbed of experimentation, A’s featured works from Eric Bogosian, Glenn Branca, Jean-Michel Basquiat, John Zorn, Elliott Sharp, Richard Hambleton, Liquid Liquid, Carolee Schneemann, The Coachmen, Kim Gordon, Phoebe Legere, Mania D, Thurston Moore, Shirin Neshat, Lee Ranaldo, Sur Rodney Sur, Alan Vega and Ai Weiwei.
In the 1990s A's became A's Wave where website works and other forms of digital media were shown.
Concurrently with A’s, Schloss established herself as a curator, co-organizing shows at Danceteria and The Storefront of Art and Architecture, now a well-known architectural venue in New York.
Schloss gained attention as a critically acclaimed performance artist in the 1970s.
The New York Times stated that her performances were "superior to much performance art."
and the SoHo Weekly News noted that her voice was "musical the way Patti Smith or Yoko Ono are musical."
Schloss started her career in the galleries of SoHo and the Lower East Side of Manhattan as a painter and performance artist who performed and showed her work in the U.S., Europe and Asia at venues such as the prestigious Franklin Furnace, Betty Parsons Gallery, Bykert Gallery, Construction Company, Max Hutchinson Gallery in SoHo, Lenbachhaus Galeria in Munich, La Nuit Parcourt La Ceil in Belgium, Cafe Einstein in Berlin, The Kitchen and the Museum of Modern Art in New York City.
In subsequent years she performed her media opera "A.E.BLA BLA BLA" at Ars Electronica in Austria and was a featured guest on Willoughby Sharp's Downtown ’86, a Cable ACE Award-winning program, which showcased the top talent of 1980s performers, artists and musicians.
Additionally, during the 1980s, she began to get noticed for her sound poetry work, most notably for the audio piece "How She Sees It By Her."
Schloss' sound work is included in two seminal publications and anthologies, "Just Another Asshole," a short-lived no wave art/music/sound art magazine publication published by Glenn Branca and Barbara Ess  and "Text-Sound Texts" Edited by Richard Kostelanetz.
Schloss was one of the first national artists to be awarded an 8mm camera from Canon  to experiment with 8mm video.
With  the camera, she created the travelogue video Sun Daze Away, which showed at Central Park’s Summerstage and at various venues in Europe and Asia.
In 1990 Schloss directed and produced the video documentary "FromKepler2Cyberspace", with Hi8 equipment loans from Sony.
This document featured the pioneers of virtual reality, including Dr. Marvin Minsky, John Perry Barlow, Timothy Leary, William Gibson and Jaron Lanier.
During the same period of time, Schloss filmed a series of interviews with John Cage and included those interviews in a series entitled "Windows of Chance/Change."
Nickelodeon, impressed with her video work and art in dealing with the alphabet and children, hired Schloss in 1989 to direct and produce 15 live video excerpts for the animated TV series Eureeka's Castle, which won a Cable ACE Award.
In the 1990s Schloss continued her work with new forms of art and media.
She exhibited her electronic work "Marbelize" at the international digital and technology show at ISEA, in Rotterdam, the Netherlands and showed multimedia work on one of the first digital art, radio and Internet programs called ArtNetWeb.
She is on the board of Art & Sciences Collaborations Inc, and her work is in the collections of the Fales Library, AT&T, the Aldrich Museum of Contemporary Art and the Donnell Library.
The Newyork Undergroundmuseum documents her entire work.
A documentary about Arleen's life, called Wednesdays at A's, is currently in post production.
Schloss lives in New York City.
Tobias Hecht (born 18 February 1964) is an American anthropologist, ethnographer, and translator.
Hecht was born in Seattle, Washington.
He received his Ph.D. in Social Anthropology in 1995 from the University of Cambridge, and was the winner of the 2002 Margaret Mead Award, for his book At Home in the Street: Street Children of Northeast Brazil, an innovative study of street children in Northeastern Brazil.
In 2002–2003 he was the recipient of a Harry Frank Guggenheim Foundation research grant for his work on The violent life of Bruna Verissimo: An experimental ethnographic biography of a homeless Brazilian youth.
His 2006 novel After Life: An Ethnographic Novel was based in part on that work.
In 2005 Hecht placed second in the Hucha de Oro, Spain's most important literary competition for short works of fiction.
"La sexta columna" in Yardbird y otros cuentos : Concurso de Cuentos de las Cajas de Ahorros, XXXIII Convocatoria Hucha de Oro, octubre 2005, April 2006.
At Home in the Street: Street Children of Northeast Brazil, Cambridge University Press, May 13, 1998.
El cerdito pulcro also entitled The Remarkably Clean Life of a Little Pig, a bilingual edition with illustrations by Cristina Perez Navarro, Ecologistas en Accion, (Madrid, Spain), October 2016.
Minor Omissions: Children in Latin American History and Society, University of Wisconsin Press, September 7, 2002.
Ceratogomphus, commonly known as thorntails, is a small genus of dragonfly in the family Gomphidae found in southern Africa.
Divatte-sur-Loire is a commune in the department of Loire-Atlantique, western France.
The municipality was established on 1 January 2016 by merger of the former communes of La Chapelle-Basse-Mer and Barbechat.
A penis extender is an external medical device with tentative evidence for Peyronie's disease as of 2019.
It acts as a mechanical traction device that stretches the penis size in the flaccid state to make it longer.
Studies, as of 2019, however have been small in size, many had difficulty carrying out the treatment during the study period, and people were not blinded to the treatment that they were receiving.
They are usually mild and self-limiting; however, it may partly account for lack of patient compliance with penile traction therapy (PTT).
The most commonly reported symptoms with PTT include pain, erythema, ecchymoses and pruritis.
There has also been a case report of pubic bone edema associated with vigorous usage.
In general, all of these adverse events are self-limited and resolve with discontinuation of the therapy.
Aggressive uses of penis extenders can cause damage to skin and blood vessels or even result in a fractured penis.
St. Croix Falls is a town in Polk County, Wisconsin, United States.
The population was 1,119 at the 2000 census.
The City of St. Croix Falls is located within the town.
The unincorporated community of Lamar is located in the town.
The population density was 36.2 people per square mile (14.0/km²).
There were 538 housing units at an average density of 17.4 per square mile (6.7/km²).
The racial makeup of the town was 98.48% White, 0.09% Native American, 0.54% Asian, 0.18% from other races, and 0.71% from two or more races.
0.45% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 420 households out of which 36.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.6% were married couples living together, 5.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.4% were non-families.
21.4% of all households were made up of individuals and 6.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.
The average household size was 2.66 and the average family size was 3.11.
In the town, the population was spread out with 26.5% under the age of 18, 6.7% from 18 to 24, 29.1% from 25 to 44, 25.5% from 45 to 64, and 12.2% who were 65 years of age or older.
The median age was 39 years.
For every 100 females, there were 115.6 males.
For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 112.7 males.
The median income for a household in the town was $46,500, and the median income for a family was $52,188.
Males had a median income of $37,639 versus $23,864 for females.
The per capita income for the town was $18,760.
About 5.8% of families and 8.9% of the population were below the poverty line, including 11.4% of those under age 18 and 11.9% of those age 65 or over.
A malfunction is a state in which something functions incorrectly or is obstructed from functioning at all.
was a Japanese statesman, courtier and politician during the Nara period.
749 (4th month): Toyonari was promoted in rank from dainagon to a rank equivalent to udaijin.
765 (Tenroku 3, 11th month): Toyonari died at age 62.
Toyonari's brothers were Nakamaro and  Otomaro.
Toyonari was the father of Fujiwara no Tsuginawa.
(1915).
A History of the Japanese People from the Earliest Times to the End of the Meiji Era.
New York: Encyclopædia Britannica.
(2005).
Japan encyclopedia.
Cambridge: Harvard University Press.
(1834).
Annales des empereurs du Japon (Nihon Odai Ichiran).
Paris: Royal Asiatic Society, Oriental Translation Fund of Great Britain and Ireland.
Eremophila glabra subsp.
carnosa is a plant in the family Scrophulariaceae and is endemic to Western Australia.
It is similar to other shrubs in the species Eremophila glabra but is distinguished from them mainly by its narrow elliptic to lance-shaped leaves and by the type and arrangement of hairs on its leaves and branches.
It is found in coastal areas between Leeman and Gregory.
carnosa is a spreading shrub growing to  high.
The leaves are bright green, slightly fleshy, well-spaced along the branches, lance-shaped,  long and  wide.
The flowers occur singly in the leaf axils on flower stalks  long.
There are 5 overlapping, thick and fleshy sepals which are lance-shaped,  long and  wide.
The 5 petals form a tube  long.
The lowest petal lobe is narrower that the rest and is turned back below the flower.
Flowering occurs from May to January and is followed by fruit which are oval to almost spherical and  long.
carnosa was first described in 2007 by Robert Chinnock in 2007.
carnosa occurs in coastal areas between Gregory and Leeman where it grows in sand near saline flats.
Sergio Barreda (30 April 1951 – 25 April 2002), known as Gordo Barreda, was a Peruvian surfer and surfboard shaper.
He was a four-time Peruvian national champion (1968, 1969, 1970 and 1974), competed internationally, and was one of Peru's first shapers.
Barreda learned to surf in Miraflores at Club Makaha.
His mother Sonia supported his surfing from an early age.
A story is told of the school director telling her that Sergio, aged 13, was being distracted and he had to study or surf, not both, and she replied "Sergio will surf."
As a shaper he made boards under the "GB" logo.
His surf shop, which started in the garage of his home and with the help of his wife Eva, was the first in Lima.
He also put together a team of young surfers who competed under his GB logo, a number of whom followed in his footsteps to be Peruvian national champions.
In 1979 he discovered the now well-known break of Cabo Blanco in northern Peru.
In 2002 he suffered a heart attack surfing Cerro Azul, and had surgery for it a few days later in Miraflores, but died of a further post-operative heart attack, aged 50.
His ashes were spread at sea.
sadrosho (; literally, "of a banner") was an administrative division in medieval and early modern Georgia which supplied men for a subdivision of the army marked by its own banner.
A tactical unit furnished by this territorial unit was also known as sadrosho, each under the command of a military official, sardali.
memarjvene (მემარჯვენე), "right flank", was provided by the western provinces of Imereti and Abkhazia.
memartskhene (მემარცხენე), "left flank", was supplied by the easternmost provinces of Kakheti and Hereti.
mepis (მეფის), "royal", by Inner Kartli.
In Kakheti, newly created sadrosho were put under the command of bishops, generally more loyal to the king than princes (tavadi), who filled the similar positions in Kartli, usually as hereditary offices, and were prone to defiance to the central royal authority.
Over time, the number and administration of sadrosho underwent several changes, but the system survived until the Russian annexation of the Georgian monarchies in the early 19th century.
memarjvene, "right flank", was commanded by the bishop of Nekresi (nekreseli) and comprised much of Thither Kakheti up to the town of Gremi.
memartskhene, "left flank", was subjected to the bishop of Rustavi (rustveli) and commanded much of Outer Kakheti from Kisiskhevi to the Aragvi river, including Martkopi and Saguramo.
mepis, "royal", was commanded by a royally-appointed person, not infrequently by a crown prince, and covered much of Inner Kakheti and the territory of the Bishopric of Alaverdi west from Gremi, including the Pankisi gorge.
memarjvene, "right flank", included Inner Kartli and was hereditarily commanded by the Princes Amilakhvari.
memartskhene, "left flank", comprised Samukhranbatono and the duchies of Aragvi and Ksani, and was under the hereditary command of the Princes Mukhranbatoni.
mepis, "royal", included parts of Kartli along the right bank of the Mtkvari river from Tbilisi to Tashiskari and the estates of the Catholicos.
The banner was under the command of a royally-appointed officer, frequently from the princely family of Tsitsishvili.
memarjvene, "right flank", included the district of Argveti.
memartskhene, "left flank", was the Duchy of Racha.
mepis, "royal", comprised the districts of Lechkhumi and Okriba.
This enzyme belongs to the family of oxidoreductases, specifically those acting on the aldehyde or oxo group of donor with NAD+ or NADP+ as acceptor.
The systematic name of this enzyme class is coniferyl aldehyde:NAD(P)+ oxidoreductase.
Tadjemout is a town and commune in Laghouat Province, Algeria.
According to the 1998 census it has a population of 20,321.
Situated on the very edge of the Saharan Desert, the closest countries to it are Morocco and Tunisia.
It has an altitude of .
Tadjmout is  from Algiers and   from Constantine.
Tadjmout is a town and commune in Laghouat Province, Algeria.
According to the 1998 census, it has a population of 20,321.
Tadjmout municipalities in the Laghouat province, located about  in the north-west of the city of Laghouat, bounded on the north Djelfa, and southward El Houaita and El kheneg, and West Ouad M'zi and Aïn Madhi and Sidi Bouzid and baidha, and to the east of Sidi Makhlouf and Laghouat .
Considered Tadjmout third agglomeration after the municipality of Laghouat and municipality Aflou, emerged from the administrative division of 1984, and sits on a total area of   and was in the old crossing point where they pass through various convoys coming from the south, flying towards the north, and the area stretching towards the border with the Tiaret Province at the border point called area hissian dib, with a population of about 26846 people, where are stationed 81.60% of the total population at the municipal and 6.89% area of the brow of the municipality regionally and administratively and located on the national Road No.
23, while distributed 11.51% between nomads the workers legally residing in the industrial workshops on municipal land .
SP5 and several communities, including most notably : the eyebrow, which is the largest gathering outside the headquarters of the municipal population, and also djkaijika and Hadjeb and grab most of the population and deliberately on agriculture and breeding of all types of livestock such as farm Anumeir Tahir inherited from the colonial era .
George Wright (August 28, 1920 in Orland, California – May 10, 1998 in Glendale, California) was an American musician, possibly  the most famous virtuoso of the theatre organ of the modern era.
Wright was best known for his virtuoso performances on the huge Wurlitzer theater pipe organs at the famed Fox Theater on Market Street in San Francisco and the ornate Paramount Theaters in both New York City and Oakland.
He was in constant demand during the 1940s, 1950s, and early 1960s, playing at concerts and recitals around the world.
His mother was a movie accompanist on the piano for silent movies played at the Orland Theatre.
He grew up in Stockton and Sacramento, where he graduated from Grant Union High School in 1938.
One of his first projects was installing a theater organ there, where it still remains and plays.
In 1941, he joined San Francisco radio station KFRC and on the Blue Network by 1942.
In December, 1942 he started performing at the San Francisco Fox Theater on Saturday nights.
In late 1944, he relocated to New York City to work as organist for NBC radio.
He began recording at this time, first cutting 78 RPM records for Syd Nathan's King Records and Regent Records, in addition to securing contracts for transcription disks on the Thesaurus, Associated, and Muzak labels.
In New York, he was a guest on the Paul Whiteman"Stairway to the Stars" radio program (May 21, 1946) and Percy Faith, as well as on the network shows of Bing Crosby and Perry Como.
He also conducted his own orchestra on the Robert Q. Lewis show and began a seven-year stint playing in a trio with Charles Magnante, accordionist, and Tony Mottola, guitarist, for Jack Berch's NBC show sponsored by the Prudential Insurance Company.
The trio, with added bassist Bobby Haggart, recorded five "Soundies," as well.
In 1948, he signed on as house organist for the Paramount Theater in New York.
There, he played with many of the great jazz and pop artists of the time, including Frank Sinatra, Frankie Laine and Ella Fitzgerald.
He moved to Los Angeles in 1951 and in 1963 became ABC's musical director for the West Coast.
During his early years at ABC, Wright continued to perform live theater organ concerts.
By the late 1950s, Wright developed an avid, if cult-sized, following for his solo organ concerts during this time and was able to fill big variety-era theaters long after their main audiences had shriveled.
Wright became renowned among theater organists for his pyrotechnic virtuosity, devising novel effects and pulling off lightning fast stop changes.
In 1963, Wright became the studio organist (and eventual musical director) for the soap opera General Hospital.
Wright remained with the show even after it switched from live broadcasts to video tape in the 1970s, and as musical cues modernized, he even began composing piano arrangements for GH'''s underscore.
In his next-to-last year with the soap, Wright was asked to compose new theme music for GH, a piano-dominated tune which debuted on the program in April 1975.
Over a year later, in July 1976, then-executive producer Tom Donovan chose to replace Wright's music with the style of another director.
Wright, his scores, and his GH theme song were history (with the latter being replaced by the piece that will forever be the closest association of GH in history, "Autumn Breeze" by Jack Urbont).
During his long career, George Wright played a key role in reviving interest in theater organ music.
He recorded more than 60 albums, some of which sold more than a million copies between the early 1950s and 1960s.
Wright was the first act signed to Richard Vaughn's HIFI Records and recorded 20 albums as their featured organist in the late 1950s before switching to Dot Records in 1963.
On his HIFI albums, Wright is a perfect complement to the label's star, Arthur Lyman.
His Dot albums are somewhat less showy, though he continues to work with a considerable range of material, from old standards to Dave Brubeck's "It's a Raggy Waltz."
In August 1970, however, the studio/warehouse (owned by organ speaker inventory Don Leslie) where he kept his personal pipe organ burned and he stopped recording for over 10 years.
Wright bought a house in the Hollywood Hills less for its location than for its capacity to accommodate his own mighty Wurlitzer pipe organ.
He worked on it constantly, swapping out pieces he collected in his travels around the U.S.
In 1980, his friend Bob Power founded BANDA Records for the purpose of recording Wright, and many of his albums were available from BANDA.
In 1995, he was presented with the first Lifetime Achievement Award by the American Theatre Organ Society.
He continued to play at concerts and make recordings to the end, and many unreleased tapes have been digitized after the acquisition of BANDA.
He finished his last album, Salon, just 60 days before his death.
BANDA has released almost nothing since the early 2000s however, but the new owner of BANDA has issued two new offerings, Back to School and an all-piano offering Gin & Tonic.''
Wright's organ recordings were distributed on the Associated Program Service Transcriptions, Muzak, Thesaurus Transcription Service, Armed Forces Radio Service, RCA Custom (under the pseudonym Jocelyn McNeil), RCA Camden (under the pseudonym Guy Melendy), Malar, King, Regent, Lurite, Doric, Century, Hamilton, Reader's Digest, Essential, BANDA, HiFi, SOLO, and DOT labels.
Wright died of heart failure on May 10, 1998, in Los Angeles.
His remains were cremated by the Neptune Society and scattered in the organization's Rose Garden.
Nagapattinam Junction (station code: NGT) is a junction railway station serving the town of Nagapattinam in Tamil Nadu, India.
The station code is NGT.
The nearest bus depot is located in Nagapattinam while the nearest airport is situated  away in Tiruchirapalli.
An additional line branches out north-bound to Karaikal via Nagore.
Wilaru is an extinct genus of bird of uncertain phylogenetic placement from the Late Oligocene to Early Miocene of Australia.
It was originally classified as a stone-curlew, but subsequently it was argued to be a member of the extinct family Presbyornithidae instead.
It is either the oldest known burhinid or the youngest known presbyornithid.
The type species is Wilaru tedfordi; genus also includes the second species Wilaru prideauxi.
The type species was described from fossil material collected from Lake Pinpa, Lake Palankarinna and Billeroo Creek, in the Lake Eyre Basin of north-eastern South Australia.
The genus name Wilaru is the term for “stone curlew” in the Diyari language of the Lake Eyre region.
The specific epithet of the type species honours American palaeontologist Richard H. Tedford (1929–2011) of the American Museum of Natural History, who led the 1971 expedition to Lake Pinpa during which much of the descriptive material was collected.
In particular, the latter W. prideauxi appears to have been more specialised towards terrestriality than the earlier W. tedfordi, being larger and more robust, indicating a clear speciation towards this lifestyle and therefore a direct species sequence.
Like many modern waterfowl, the Willaru species had spurs and knobs on their carpals.
Like the closely related modern-day screamers, these were almost certainly used to fight, indicating perhaps territorial habits, as opposed to the more gregarious nature of earlier presbyornithids.
Willaru co-existed with several anatid and anseranatid species, indicating that there was little ecological competition.
It is possible that a speciation towards terrestriality might have spared it from competition with more derived waterfowl, allowing it to live longer than other presbyornithids.
"Brate Murate" is a single by the Serbian rock supergroup Familija, released in 1996.
"Brate Murate" later appeared on the band's second album Seljačka buna and the B-side, "Ringišpil", was taken from their previous album Narodno pozorište.
Since the band's drummers Ratko "Rale" Ljubičić and Goran "Gedža" Redžepi left the band, Marko Milivojević played the drums on "Brate Murate".
The track was produced by Aleksandar "Saša" Habić at PGP RTS Studio 5.
Galaxy 19 is a communications satellite owned by Intelsat located at 97° West longitude, serving the North American market.
Galaxy 19 replaced Galaxy 25 which is nearing the end of its design life and has been moved to 93.1°W longitude.
It was built by Space Systems/Loral, as part of its FS-1300 line.
Galaxy 19 was formerly known as Intelsat Americas 9 and was successfully launched September 24, 2008.
It provides services in the C band and Ku band.
The clients for Galaxy 19 include the previous clients for Galaxy 25.
Expanded services include higher-powered C-band and Ku band transponders as well as new, high-power Ka band service.
As of August 2017, Galaxy 19 broadcast 172 Free-To-Air channels for North American televisions, from a diverse list of national and international sources.
Galaxy 19 was launched using Sea Launch.
The 1923–24 Chicago Maroons men's basketball team represented the University of Chicago.
This group was last Big Ten champion for the Maroons as they would leave the conference in 1946.
The team would play 12 conference games and finish with 8 wins and 4 losses.
The Maroons were led by captain Campbell Dickson, who would go on to coach football at Minnesota, Chicago, Beloit, Wisconsin, Princeton, Michigan and Hamilton.
Additionally, the team rounded out the starting five with Harrison Barnes and Joseph Duggan at guard, Harold Alea and Dickson at forward, and William Weiss at center.
At seasons end, Campbell Dickson, was awarded the Big Ten Medal of Honor, while also being named 1st-team all-conference forward.
Chicago Lawn Branch is a Chicago Public Library located in the Chicago Lawn neighborhood of Chicago, in the U.S. state of Illinois.
It was built in 1960 in what is now 61st Place and Kedzie Avenue.
This library is also where the historical Chicago Lawn information is housed by the Chicago Lawn Historical Society.
The library displays the Chicago Lawn historical collections.
Tanjung Kupang is a mukim in Iskandar Puteri, Johor Bahru District, Johor, Malaysia.
The flight was hijacked and crashed near Kampong Ladang, Tanjung Kupang.
All 93 passengers and 7 crew perished and no recognisable bodies were found.
The remains were buried in a common grave known as Tanjung Kupang Memorial at Jalan Kebun Teh.
The bridge was built to reduce the traffic congestion at the Johor–Singapore Causeway, and was opened to traffic on 2 January 1998.
Maurice Thiriet (; 2 May 1906 – 28 September 1972) was a French composer of classical and film music.
He graduated in 1931.
During the forties Thiriet carved his career within film music, inspired by fellow composer Maurice Jaubert (who died in World War II), and wrote something like seventy scores from 1942 to 1960.
Apart from his film work, Thiriet also composed several concert works, including a Flute concerto, twelve ballets and three operas.
Urukunnu Kurisumala (Mount Holy Cross Urukunnu) is a pilgrim center.
"Kurisumala" literally means "Mount of the Cross".It is at an elevation of 1500 ft.
This holy place is situated in Urukunnu, close to Ottakkal Railway Station  in the Kollam district of the south Indian state of Kerala.
It is a spiritual destination center for Christians.
There is an ascent of 328 steps to reach on the top of the mountain.
Devotees come here to venerate the Holy Cross.The passion and Death of Lord Jesus Christ on the Cross is commemorated here during the Lenten season, especially on Good Friday.
The 14 stations of the Way of the Cross have been clearly marked as one climbs the steps of the mountain.
It is two and a half kilometers away from the Holy Cross Church.
Every Good Friday, the Way of Cross procession begins from the Holy Cross Church, at 7 am and reaches at the top of the Holy Cross Mount.
Circuit training is a form of body conditioning  or resistance training using high-intensity aerobics.
It targets strength building and muscular endurance.
An exercise "circuit" is one completion of all prescribed exercises in the program.
When one circuit is complete, one begins the first exercise circuit.
Traditionally, the time between exercises in circuit training is short, often with rapid movement to the next exercise.
The program was developed by R.E.
Morgan and G.T.
Adamson in 1957 at the University of Leeds in England.
Studies show that circuit training helps women to achieve their goals and maintain them longer than other forms of exercise or diet.
"The fitness professional's complete guide to circuits and intervals".
IDEA Today, 14(1), 32–43.
James Samuel Malosky Sr. (December 14, 1928 – December 4, 2011) was an American football coach.
He ranks 18th all-time in wins among college football coaches in all divisions.
He was the head football coach at the University of Minnesota Duluth (formerly known as Duluth State Teachers College) for 40 years from 1958 to 1997.
He compiled a career record of 255–125–13 and is ranked second all-time in wins among NCAA Division II football coaches.
He was hired as the head football coach at University of Minnesota Duluth in 1958 and led the team to Minnesota Intercollegiate Athletic Conference championships in 1960, 1961 and 1973.
In 1976, the school joined the Northern Sun Intercollegiate Conference.
Malosky led the team to eight Northern Sun championships, in 1979, 1980, 1985, 1986, 1987, 1990, 1995, and 1996.
Malosky's 1980 team compiled a perfect 10–0 record, which was part of a 20-game winning streak, which "at the time was the longest in all of college football."
Malosky was forced to retire due to health concerns.
Malosky had never missed a game, practice, or teaching assignment in 40 years.
However, in May 1998, he suffered a mild stroke.
He recovered from the stroke sufficiently to attend practices and games in the fall of 1998, but he realized that he "couldn't run the ship the way he had in the past."
At the time of his retirement, he was the winningest coach in NCAA Division II football history and ranked 11th among all college football coaches in all divisions.
As of 2008, he ranked 2nd among NCAA Division II coaches (behind Ken Sparks) and 18th among all college football coaches in all divisions.
Malosky was inducted into the Minnesota High School Football Coaches Association Hall of Fame in 1994, the University of Minnesota Hall of Fame in 1996, the University of Minnesota Duluth Athletic Hall of Fame in 1999, and the Northern Sun Intercollegiate Athletic Conference Hall of Fame in 2000.
In 2004, the University of Minnesota Duluth renamed its football stadium in Malosky's honor as James S. Malosky Stadium.
The stadium underwent a $6.5 million renovation in 2008.
At a nationally televised game on September 11, 2008, the stadium was officially dedicated to Malosky.
Malosky was honored in a pre-game ceremony and received a standing ovation from the crowd.
In 2009, Malosky received the Distinguished Minnesotan Award by the Minnesota Chapter of the National Football Foundation and the College Football Hall of Fame.
The award is given to individuals who have made a lifelong contribution to football in the state of Minnesota.
The Jim Malosky Coach of the Year Award, named after Malosky, is given annually to the Division II Coach of the Year.
He died December 4, 2011 due to respiratory failure.
MV Maid of Argyll was a passenger ferry operated by Caledonian Steam Packet Company, initially based at Craigendoran.
Rendered redundant by the car ferry revolution, she was sold to Greek owners in 1975.
She caught fire in 1997 and was left to decay.
She was built by A.
& J. Inglis, of Pointhouse.
She was the only ship of the quartet to survive unaltered into the Caledonian MacBrayne era with the new livery.
This only lasted one season and she made her last Clyde sailing on 12 September 1973.
After a lay-up through the winter, she was sold to Cycladic Cruises of Piraeus on 1 March 1974.
As City of Piraeus, she sailed from Flisvos marina on day cruises to the Saronic Islands, Aegina, Poros and Hydra.
Her landing platform was extended to make a little upper deck and by 1978, it ran almost to the stern, serving as a sun deck.
She was relieving City of Hydra, the former MacBrayne's .
About 1989, she moved to Corfu, sailing for Aronis Coastal Cruises.
As City of Corfu, she ran excursions to the island of Paxos, and the port of Parga on the Greek mainland.
In 1997, City of Corfu suffered a serious fire and did not sail again.
In 2002, she was partially submerged and decomposing at her berth.
A lower deck lounge was later converted to a bar.
Open deck space available for passengers was limited.
The bridge was forward on the promenade deck, with a landing platform above, for use at very low tides.
She had two masts and a single funnel, above the central engines, with the galley aft.
On Saturdays, she took the Lochgoilhead/Arrochar leg of the "Three Lochs Tour", releasing  to carry larger numbers of passengers to Dunoon and Rothesay.
In the late 1950s, the Maids lost their fixed routes and all operated across the Clyde network.
From February to May 1970, Maid of Argyll was the Kyles of Bute/Tarbert Royal Mail Ship.
She acquired the locked mail-room partitions and parcel/luggage shelter first fitted on her sister,  on the same duty, which CSP had assumed from David MacBrayne Ltd the previous October.
Lieutenant General Ravendra Pal Singh PVSM AVSM, VSM is the current General Officer Commanding-in-Chief (GOC-in-C) Western Command of the Indian Army.
An alumnus of National Defence Academy and Indian Military Academy, the General officer has attended the Defence Services Staff College, Senior Command Course, Higher Command Course and the prestigious National Defence College.
These include Brigade Major of an Infantry Brigade in intense Counter Insurgency areas in J&K, GSO-2, Military Intelligence Directorate at IHQ of MoD (Army), Col GS (Military Doctrine) at Army War College, Mhow, BGS (Ops) of a Command in the Western Theatre, ADG (Discipline & Vigilance), DG LWE & DG DC&W at IHQ of MoD (Army).
He was Instructor at School of Armoured Warfare Ahmednagar and was also posted as United Nations Military Observer in United Nations in Africa.
The General officer commanded a Mechanised Infantry Battalion, an Armoured Brigade and an Infantry Division in the Western Theatre.
Joseph Francis "Joe" Ladue (July 28, 1855 – June 27, 1901) was a prospector, businessman and founder of Dawson City, Yukon, Canada.
Ladue was born in Schuyler Falls, New York.
His mother died when he was seven years old, and his father in 1874.
Upon his father's death, 19-year-old Joe headed west.
In 1876, he found employment in a gold mine in Deadwood, South Dakota, beginning as a general labourer and working his way up to engineer, foreman and superintendent.
He eventually quit to go prospecting in Arizona and New Mexico, but did not strike it rich.
In 1882, he crossed the Chilkoot Pass into the interior of the Yukon, where he prospected and traded for a couple of years.
In August 1896, a few days after the discovery of gold in the Klondike, he staked a claim to either 160 or 178 acres (65-72 hectares) of boggy flats at the mouth of the Klondike River as a townsite.
In January 1897, he named the new town Dawson after Canadian geologist George Mercer Dawson.
By July, about 5000 people lived there.
Ladue could sell town lots for as much as $5000 or $8000.
He relocated his saw mill to Dawson; it ran continuously night and day in response to the extreme demand.
He also set up a store and the first saloon in town.
In addition, he acquired a number of rich gold claims.
All this enabled Ladue to leave the north a rich man that year.
Ladue returned to his home town and on December 15, 1897, he married Anna "Kitty" Mason.
He was in poor health and died of "consumption" (tuberculosis) at Schuyler Falls on June 27, 1901.
He was survived by his wife and a son.
Gregor MacGregor (31 August 1869 – 20 August 1919) was a Scottish cricketer and rugby union player.
He played rugby for Scotland and cricket for England.
He was schooled at Uppingham before matriculating to Jesus College, Cambridge in October 1887.
On leaving university he found work on the London Stock Exchange.
He made his first-class debut for Cambridge University against C.I.
Thornton’s XI at Fenner's in 1888 and won Blues in all four years at Cambridge.
He made first-class appearances for a number of teams, including Middlesex as a wicket keeper and captained the county club between 1898 and 1907.
He later served as the treasurer, before his death in 1919, aged 49.
He played in eight Tests for England.
He is commemorated at Cambridge, as the first Scottish cricket Blue to play international cricket, in the Hone-MacGregor Trophy: a triangular tournament between Cambridge University, Irish Universities and Scottish Universities.
Within rugby, MacGregor played club rugby for Cambridge and international rugby for Scotland between 1890 and 1896.
In 1889 and 1890 he appeared as full back for Cambridge against Oxford, showing himself a fine tackler and very accurate kick.
In the same season that he first appeared for Cambridge, he was also awarded his first international cap.
MacGregor was selected by the Scottish Rugby Union to appear for Scotland in all three international matches of the 1890 Home Nations Championship.
In 1890, MacGregor was invited to join William Percy Carpmael's newly formed touring team, the Barbarians.
He accepted and became an original member of the team.
MacGregor also played in the Home Nations Championship in 1891 and 1893, missing the 1892 tournament as he was out in Australia with Lord Sheffield's cricket team in 1892, and in 1894 he played against England and Wales.
His final appearance in an international game being between Scotland and England, decided at Hampden Park, Glasgow, in 1896.
Although he began and finished his career in matches as a full back, MacGregor played mostly in those games as a centre three-quarter—those when the three three-quarter system was preferred.
In the course of his career he appeared on several occasions for Middlesex.
On one of these, when the four three-quarter system had come into vogue, he had for his colleagues Andrew Stoddart, Arthur Gould, and G. T. Campbell, all internationals.
Despite such talented players all appearing in the same team, Yorkshire proved victorious.
MacGregor also wrote about rugby.
For example, he contributed a chapter titled "Full Back Play" to a book by Bertram Fletcher Robinson, Rugby Football (London: The Isthmian Library, 1896).
This book was recently republished in facsimile form.
Patterson, a MCC committee member.
The identity of the artist of the oil painting was only reaffirmed in 2018.
The picture regularly hangs in the Pavilion at Lord's.
West Street is part of an expressway in Manhattan, New York City.
La Fatarella is a municipality in northern Terra Alta, within the region of Ribera d'Ebre in Spain.
The name of the population is derived from the Arab name for "tower", although there are other etymological theories.
They are no visible remains of the tower.
From the point where it stood there is a commanding view of the Terra Alta and a magnificent panoramic view.
The Fatarella has irregular and winding streets that present an architectonic element locally known as perxes, which are sections of a street being covered by envigats, or stone arcs, that unite several houses.
The origins of the Fatarella present town is medieval, as the facades of many houses show, having porticoes of stone with thresholds carved with different symbols and inscriptions.
During the Middle Ages the town was walled to offer protection for its inhabitants, mainly from brigands and wolves.
The walls are between 80 and 120 cm in width.
This defensive system continued until well into the 17th century, when the a population boom forced the city to expand beyond the walls.
Nowadays, vestiges of these walls can still be seen, from which access doors on the enclosure can be deduced.
La Fatarella, especially neighboring Serra de la Fatarella mountain range, was one of the main scenarios of the Battle of the Ebro in the Spanish Civil War.
A monument to commemorate the victims was erected in 2010.
Todos los pueblos y todas las comarcas.
.
The 1965–66 Ashes series consisted of five cricket Test matches, each of five days with six hours play and eight ball overs.
It formed part of the MCC tour of Australia in 1965–66 and the matches outside the Tests were played in the name of the Marylebone Cricket Club.
M.J.K.
The Australian team was captained by Bobby Simpson in three Tests, and his vice-captain Brian Booth in two Tests.
It was the first tour of Australia by players instead of amateurs and professionals and the first time that the MCC travelled to Australia by air instead of by sea.
Although the press labelled the England team as the weakest to go to Australia,  their entertaining cricket won them favour with the crowds.
They also made their runs faster than any other England team since the war and for once England batted faster than Australia, a refreshing contrast to other Ashes series of the era.
With both sides having good batsmen and weak bowling attacks an exceptional number of runs were made, especially by Australia in the last two Tests when they fielded seven specialist batsmen and an all rounder.
A record eleven batsmen averaged over 40 in the series and the teams exceeded 500 in an innings three times between them, 400 another four times and England made their highest score in Australia since 1928–29.
"The long and short of it was that the batting of both sides was much stronger than the bowling".
In the Third Test at Sydney England’s Bob Barber and Geoff Boycott added 234 for the first wicket in 242 minutes, the highest opening partnership by England in Australia since Jack Hobbs and Herbert Sutcliffe made 283 at Melbourne in 1924–25, resulting in Australia's defeat by an innings and 93 runs, their worst result at home since 1911–12.
In the Fourth Test at Adelaide Bobby Simpson and Bill Lawry added 244 in 255 minutes, the highest opening stand by Australia in an Ashes Test at the time, and still their highest opening stand against England in Australia.
They won by an innings and 9 runs to even the series, only the third time that two teams had defeated each other by an innings in successive Tests.
Lawry "always seemed to be batting", his 592 runs (84.57) were the most in an Ashes series since Don Bradman in 1946–47 and his three centuries the most since Arthur Morris in 1948.
Bob Cowper retained the Ashes for Australia with his 307 in 727 minutes in the Fifth Test at Melbourne, the first Test triple century in Australia, the longest Test innings in Australia and the highest Ashes century in Australia.
The series also saw the debut of the Australians Doug Walters, who made a century on debut, Keith Stackpole and Peter Allan and the final Tests of Wally Grout, Brian Booth, Peter Burge and David Sincock.
The reservation concerned his ability against really fast bowling, as to which I had no evidence...Only Lawry and Simpson have made more runs and had record to compare if one is to make a quantitative judgement.
Any all events my contention is at least arguable.
Doug has made eleven hundreds for Australia , some of extreme brilliance, and if he ever played a dull innings I never saw it.
E.W.
Vice-captain Brian Booth took command as Bobby Simpson had broken his wrist, and elected to bat after winning the toss.
The 19-year-old Doug Walters was called up for his Test debut after having made 129 for New South Wales against the tourists and so was the fast bowler Peter Allan on his home ground.
Bill Lawry's Victorian teammate Ian Redpath was brought in to open instead of Simpson.
The veteran batsman Peter Burge ensured his place with innings of 52, 50, 114 not out and 60 against the MCC.
The tourists had had the best run of games of any MCC team since the war, beating Western Australia, South Australia and New South Wales, drawing with Queensland, when they needed two more wickets to win, and losing to Victoria by 32 runs after a run-chase.
As a result, the bookies reduced the odds of their winning the Ashes from 7/2 to evens.
The England vice-captain Colin Cowdrey was unable to play and was replaced by the in form Scottish opener Eric Russell.
England thought their wicket-keeper Jim Parks caught Bill Lawry off Dave Brown (3/71) with his seventh ball, but were turned down by Umpire Egar.
This was the first and last umpiring dispute of the series as Egar and Lou Rowan soon established their credentials, though Lawry – "England's scourge of the sixties" – stayed put until the afternoon of the third day making 166.
He added 187 with Doug Walters who hit 155 with 11 fours and 2 sixes to become the 10th Australian to make a century on his Ashes debut, and aged 19 years and 357 days the third youngest after Archie Jackson and Neil Harvey.
The off-spinner Tom Veivers made 56 not out and Booth declared on 443/6 early on the fourth day, leaving him 11 hours to bowl England out twice if he could enforce the follow on.
The stonewaller Ken Barrington dug himself in for over three hours making 53 while first Jim Parks (52) and Fred Titmus (60) attacked the bowling at the other end.
Parks hit 4 fours and 3 sixes and Titmus 6 fours and Barrington asked them to slow down as they were making him look foolish.
They both fell to Philpott, as did Brown to give the Australian 5/90, his only five-wicket haul in Tests.
The last five wickets fell for 59 runs and Eric Russell, who had injured his hand, came in last and batted out an unbeaten duck in his only Test of the series.
Though England made 280 – 183 runs behind – Booth could enforce the follow on due to the truncated play on the first two days.
Bob Barber hit 34 off 37 balls with 3 fours and a six, but Geoff Boycott carried his bat through to stumps with 63 not out.
Boycott pushed a ball from Peter Philpott away with his hand during his innings, but Brian Booth refused to appeal for handled the ball and Wally Grout just told him not to do it again.
John Edrich (37) and Ken Barrington (38) also hit sixes and Mike Smith saw out the last half hour as England made 186/3 to ensure a draw.
From this beginning all those following took profit, so that England, for the first time in Australia since the Bodyline tour thirty-odd years before, topped 500.
E.W.
Ian Redpath was dropped due to his captain's return, as were Neil Hawke in favour of the fast bowler Garth McKenzie and Peter Allan for the fast-medium bowler Alan Connolly.
The batsman Eric Russell and fast bowler Dave Brown were suffering from injuries and Ken Higgs had a chill.
The Welsh left-arm fast bowler Jeff Jones was called up, as was the Essex all rounder Barry Knight flown out as a replacement just before the First Test.
Simpson won the toss and batted on a good wicket.
The next morning they collapsed to 358 all out with Barry Knight (4/84) taking four of the last five wickets and Tom Veivers being run out.
John Edrich (109), Ken Barrington (64), Colin Cowdrey (104), Mike Smith (41), Jim Parks (71) and Fred Titmus (56 not out) piled up 558 as England made their biggest total down under since their 636 in the Second Test in 1928–29.
Titmus was hit on the back of the head by a bouncer from Alan Connolly, but continued to play and hit three quick boundaries.
They batted the into the fourth day and the long suffering Garth McKenzie took 5/134 off 35.2 eight-ball overs, which if nothing else confirmed his reputation of taking wickets on good batting tracks.
They had reached 204/4 when Jim Parks missed a stumping chance off Peter Burge when Australia were only four runs ahead.
Burge made 120, his fourth and final Test century, all made against England in times of crisis, and Doug Walters 115 in his second Test.
Mike Smith had given up hope when the part-time bowler Geoff Boycott (2/32) had Burge out after a stand of 198 and with Ken Barrington (2/47) surprisingly cleared up the tail to have Australia out for 426.
Even though the first two Tests had been drawn the press were optimistic about the series.
Lindsay Hassett said it wasn't the best team England had sent to Australia, but no other tried so hard to make cricket interesting.
He batted without chance for five hours, starting decorously enough and then hitting the ball progressively harder and with a superb disdain to every corner of the field.
One recalls the exceptional vigour of his driving and how he brought his wrists into the cut, making room for the stroke.
It made blissful watching to English eyes – to one pair in particular, for by a wonderful chance father Barber had flown in from home that very day.
E.W.
Grahame Thomas was brought into the team to open with Bill Lawry, Alan Connolly was replaced by the fast bowler Neil Hawke and the off-spinner Tom Veivers by David Sincock, one of the very rare specialist bowlers of left-arm wrist-spin or "Chinamen".
This type of bowling is usually reserved for part-time bowlers, but though "Evil Dick" could turn the ball and produce reverse googlies he struggled to produce a consistent line and length.
England kept their team from Melbourne, except that Dave Brown was fit again and replaced Barry Knight.
On a wicket famous for taking spin the toss was vital.
Mike Smith won it for the first time in the series and chose to bat.
The attacking opener hit the Australian bowlers all over the ground in his 185 in under five hours with 19 fours.
It was his only Test century, his highest First Class score and the 234 runs he added for the first wicket with Geoff Boycott – whose 84 gave him 1,000 Test runs – was the third highest opening partnership for England in Australia.
He was out on 308/2, after which England collapsed to 328/5 in the last hour of the first day.
John Edrich made a solid 103, but Colin Cowdrey, M.J.K.
Smith, Dave Brown and Jim Parks were all caught by Wally Grout off Neil Hawke, whose 7/105 was his best bowling in Tests.
Grout snapped up Fred Titmus off Doug Walters (1/38) to give him five catches and reduce England to 395/8, but Dave Allen made 50 not out adding 93 runs for the last two wickets with Edrich and Jeff Jones, whose 16 was his highest Test score as England made 488.
Grahame Thomas (51) and Bob Cowper (60) added 81 for the second wicket until separated by Dave Brown (5/63) and Australia were 113/4 by stumps.
Cowper and David Sincock (29) added 50 runs together, but the tail collapsed and Australia were out for 221, 267 runs behind England as Mike Smith enforced the follow on.
Titmus took his 100th Test wicket and as he had passed 1,000 Test runs in the England innings completed the double of 1,000 Test runs and 100 Test wickets.
Jim Parks failed to dismiss any batsmen, but the expert close fielders Mike Smith and Colin Cowdrey took five catches between them.
Doug Walters top scored with 35 not out and David Sincock hit 5 fours in his 27 as Australia fell to 174 all out and an innings defeat on the fourth day.
Smith tried to give Dave Allen the honour of leading the England team off the field, but he and the others insisted that their captain should enter the pavilion first.
They were greeted by the Australian captain Brian Booth, who shook hands with all the England players with his typical good sportsmanship.
It was the first time that Australia had lost by an innings at home since the Second Test of the 1936–37 Ashes series when they lost by an innings and 22 runs.
It was their biggest defeat at home since the Fourth Test of the 1911–12 Ashes series when they lost by an innings and 225 runs (though they had lost the First Test of the 1928–29 Ashes series by 675 runs).
Yet Australia, give or take a few minutes, achieved it, their captain leading the way with the highest opening stand ever, in a partnership with Lawry, for Australia against England: 244.
I never remember seeing better running between wickets than of these two – and found myself comparing them, in fact, with Hobbs and Sutcliffe.
With the field constantly changing over as right- and left-hander alternated, England, in much heat, sweated and chased unavailingly.
E.W.
Booth received a letter from Bradman on behalf of the selectors explaining "Never before have I written to a player to express my regret at his omission from the Australian XI.
In your case I am making an exception because I want you to know how much my colleagues and I disliked having to make this move.
Captain one match and out of the side the next looks like ingratitude, but you understand the circumstances and will be the first to admit that your form has not been good."
Booth had made only 84 runs (16.80) in the series and never played for Australia again.
Cowper was blamed for slow scoring even though he had made 99 and 60 in the Second and Third Tests.
Peter Allan of Queensland was brought back into the side after he had taken the third best bowling figures in Australia – 10/61 in the first innings against Victoria, but was injured and McKenzie was restored to the team.
The off-spinner Tom Veivers and young batsmen Ian Chappell were called up and Keith Stackpole made his Test debut, so Australia went to Adelaide with only three specialist bowlers – McKenzie, Hawke and Veivers.
England simply kept the same XI from Sydney, even though this meant that Geoff Boycott was their third place bowler after Jeff Jones and Dave Brown.
Mike Smith won the toss and decided to bat.
Ian Chappell took a superb catch off Neil Hawke to remove Geoff Boycott and England were 33/3.
Ken Barrington (60) and Colin Cowdrey (38) began to rebuild the innings with a 72 run partnership, until Cowdrey heard a shout from the Australian wicketkeeper Wally Grout, thought he was being called and was run out.
Debutant Keith Stackpole took a great catch off Jim Parks (49) to give McKenzie his third wicket, who then removed Dave Allen and Dave Brown to give him his second five wicket haul in successive Tests.
England were 240/9 at the end of the first day, which soon became 241 all out as McKenzie caught Fred Titmus (33) leg before wicket first thing in the morning to give him 6/48, his best Test bowling figures to date.
Even Bill Lawry responded with 9 fours and a six in his 119 as he and Simpson put on 244 runs in 255 minutes for the first wicket, more than the entire England first innings.
This remained the highest opening partnership for Australia against England until Mark Taylor and Geoff Marsh made 329 for the first wicket in the Fifth Test of the 1989 Ashes series and remains Australia's highest opening stand against England at home.
Grahame Thomas made 52 of the 87 runs he added with Simpson as Australia passed 300 for the loss of one wicket.
Jeff Jones (6/118) put up a fight, dismissing Thomas, Tom Veivers, Peter Burge, Ian Chappell, Simpson and Keith Stackpole, who made 43 batting at number eight.
Simpson was finally out after batting for 545 minutes, hitting 18 fours and a six in his 225 as Australia made 516 to give them a lead of 275 runs.
Once again Ken Barrington and Colin Cowdrey had to rescue their side, Barrington staying in for six hours making 102 while Cowdrey took two and a half hours over his 35 as they added 82 for the fourth wicket.
The Adelaide Oval was Barrington's favourite venue and his century kept up his record of never scoring less than 50 runs there; 104, 52, 52 not out, 63, 132 not out, 69, 51, 63, 60 and 102, a total of 748 runs (93.50).
Keith Stackpole removed Cowdrey and Mike Smith with his leg-spin, his 2/33 remaining the best bowling figures of his Test career.
Fred Titmus (53) hit 8 fours and added 81 for the seventh wicket with the entrenched Barrington, but England did not outlast the fourth day and were dismissed for 266.
It was only the third occasion that two teams had defeated each other by an innings in successive Tests.
The previous two instances were when England won their biggest victory over Australia in the Fifth test at the Oval in 1938 by an innings and 579 runs only to suffer their greatest defeat in the First Test in Brisbane in 1946–47 by an innings and 332 runs (the Second World War intervening).
In 1952–53 Pakistan lost their inaugural Test against India at New Delhi by an innings and 70 runs, but won the Second Test at Lucknow by an innings and 43 runs.
When this relentless fellow, having reached his sixth Test hundred against England, at length took a liberty he had made 592 runs in the Tests, average 84, the highest aggregate since Bradman's in 1946/7: not only that, he had scored 979 against Smith's side since they landed in Perth, and had occupied the crease for forty-one and a half hours.
There was a gayer side to Lawry as we had seen at Adelaide – but he didn't let it obtrude too often.
England replaced the off-spinner Dave Allen with the all-rounder Barry Knight and Australia made Peter Burge twelfth man after he declared that he would not tour South Africa, allowing Bob Cowper to return to the team.
Therefore, England only had four and Australia three specialist bowlers in the deciding Test of the series.
Mike Smith won the toss for the third time in a row and again decided to bat.
However, the obstinate stonewaller Ken Barrington surprised the crowd by hitting 2 sixes and 8 fours in his 115, one of his few sustained hitting displays.
He made 63 off 101 balls then hit Keith Stackpole over long on for six and brought up his century 20 balls later with a six into the South Stand off Tom Veivers.
His hundred came off 122 balls and won him "one of the most moving ovations I have heard in Australia", and the Walter Lawrence Trophy for the fastest Test century of 1966.
He was caught for 115 by Wally Grout who told Doug Walters to bowl him a ball down the leg so that he could move over and catch the glance.
Garth McKenzie (1/100) and Neil Hawke (1/109) suffered, but Doug Walters took 4/53 to dismiss Barrington, John Edrich (85), Colin Cowdrey (79) and Mike Smith (0).
Jim Parks (89) and Fred Titmus (42) added some late runs before Mike Smith declared on 485/9 an hour before stumps on the second day.
Their carefully complied third wicket stand of 212 avoided the follow-on and England's best chance of regaining the Ashes, but failed to entertain the crowd.
Lawry made a typical 108 in 369 minutes, but Cowper was 159 not out at the end of the third day and Australia 333/3.
The fourth day was washed out, rendering the final day of the series academic as a result could not be forced on the flat wicket.
Cowper, however, took his score to 307, the first Test triple century to be made in Australia and at 727 minutes the longest.
It was his highest Test and First Class score and remains the highest and longest Ashes century down under though Matthew Hayden's 380 against Zimbabwe in 2002–03 is now the highest Test century.
In the end he was bowled by Barry Knight (2/105) on 543/8 and Simpson declared to leave England just over an hour to bat.
It was the second time the two teams had drawn the series in the last three Ashes series, with 15 of the 20 Tests being drawn (the next series was also drawn 1–1).
It had already been realised that the captains on both sides were unusually cautious when playing each other as so much was at stake even though Bobby Simpson and Mike Smith had done all that they could to make the games interesting.
It has not been equalled since, though ten batsmen averaged over 40 in 2002–03.
Book 1965–66: M.C.C.
Yates Township is located in McLean County, Illinois.
As of the 2010 census, its population was 287 and it contained 121 housing units.
Yates Township formed as Union Township from Chenoa Township on June 5, 1862.
Union was changed to Yates sometime prior to 1920.
Bobby Jasoos () is a 2014 Indian Hindi-language comedy-drama film directed by Samar Shaikh and produced by Dia Mirza and Sahil Sangha.
The film stars Vidya Balan  and features Ali Fazal, Arjan Bajwa, Supriya Pathak, Rajendra Gupta and Tanvi Azmi in supporting roles.
It tells the story of Bilqees "Bobby" Ahmed, a Hyderabadi woman who aspires to be a detective despite facing a series of obstacles.
She lives with her Abba (Rajendra Gupta), Ammi (Supriya Pathak), Kausar Khala (Tanvi Azmi) and two younger sisters including Noor (Benaf Dadachandji) in Moghalpura area near Charminar.
To pursue her passion of spying, Bobby solves petty neighbourhood cases such as helping Tasawwur (Ali Fazal), a TV show host, to get rid of marriage proposals brought home by his parents.
Bobby finally gets her big break when a rich NRI Anees Khan (Kiran Kumar) hands her a case of finding two missing girls named 'Niloufer' and 'Aamna' with a birth mark on their hand and shoulder respectively.
To solve the case, Bobby takes up many get-ups such as 'beggar', 'peon', 'hawker', 'nerd student', 'astrologer' and even a fake 'TV producer'.
After locating the targets, Khan pays her a tremendous fee and also offers huge amount of money to both girls' fathers for reasons unknown to Bobby.
Khan also hands over his third and final case of finding a boy with a missing toe named 'Ali'.
Meanwhile, Bobby and Tasawwur's family fix their marriage leaving both into the dilemma of how to get rid of this situation.
A local goon Lala (Arjan Bajwa) also offers a case to Bobby to break Lala's girlfriend Aafreen (Anupriya Goenka)'s marriage, which is forcefully fixed by her mother Saida (Zarina Wahab).
On Bobby's denial, Lala makes her realize that she has been helping the NRI for a wrong cause.
Doubting on that Bobby tries to know the whereabouts of the two girls, but gets to know that both girls have gone missing.
Scared and shocked, Bobby takes help from Tasawwur and sneaks into Khan's 5 star hotel room to check his background, only to be caught and thrown out by Khan and the hotel staff.
But Bobby manages to get a hold of Khan's diary and his old photograph, which later gets into the hands of Lala, who since then starts following Bobby.
Khan now suddenly goes into hiding and Bobby starts searching for him with the belief that Khan will not leave the town without his third target Ali.
With the help of clues in Khan's diary such as a London based library's stamp and a Biryani order from a local restaurant, Bobby gets to know about Khan's background and later Khan is shown following Ali.
It turns out to be a trap to capture Khan.
With the twist in the climax, it is revealed that the three people Khan was looking for were his long lost children during communal riots.
Khan has offered money to both girl's foster parents for helping them and sent the girls to London to pursue higher education.
Tasawwur also enters the scene along with Lala who is actually Khan's long lost son 'Ali'.
The film ends with Bobby becoming a famous detective, while she and Tasawwur are now in love with each other but are still confused about their marriage.
Mirza later stated that the filming will commence from 25 November 2013.
The filming will commence from Hyderabad, the city where the story is based and is supposed to wrap by January 2014.
Shooting for the film started on 23 November 2013.
The film will be shot in one long schedule of 55 days.
Vidya Balan was cast  in the lead role and Ali Fazal was  signed opposite her.
Singers Shreya Ghoshal and Papon were also reported to record a song for the film.
Aishwarya Nigam has also recorded a song.
Singer Bonnie Chakraborty said in an interview that he has recorded a duet for the film with Shreya Ghoshal.
Kemptthal is a railway station in the Swiss canton of Zurich and municipality of Lindau.
The station is located on the Zurich to Winterthur main line and is an intermediate stop on Zurich S-Bahn service S7.
Santa Cristina is a Neoclassical-style, Roman Catholic church in Pisa, region of Tuscany, Italy.
It is located on the Lungarno Gambacorti.
Destroyed by a flood in 1115, it was rebuilt three years later.
The Count Luigi Archinto, member of a prominent Milanese family, had moved to Pisa in the late 18th century, and in 1814, he had acquired the Agnello palace adjacent to this church.
He then patronized and commissioned the reconstruction of the church, which by then was in poor conservation.
He commissioned the works from the engineer Francesco Riccetti, who also restored the bell tower.
The interior layout is that of a single nave, refurbished with neoclassical decorations.
It houses a panel with Madonna and Child (14th century).
The first altar on the right has canvas by Domenico Passignano, depicting St Catherine Receiving the Stigmata, and a 19th-century copy of Enrico di Tedice's Crucifix (13th century).
In this spot, with the earlier crucifix, was the one before which, in 1375, St Catherine of Siena, kneeling in prayer, had received the stigmata.
Catherine had been invited to Pisa to help pacify some of the civic strife.
Zinc finger protein 93 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the ZNF93 gene.
Route 40, known as Hafnarfjarðarvegur in Icelandic or by its busiest stretch, Kringlumýrarbraut, is one of the two major traffic arteries running across Capital Region.
The 2001/02 FIS Nordic Combined World Cup was the 19th world cup season, a combination of ski jumping and cross-country skiing organized by FIS.
It started on 23 Nov 2001 in Kuopio, Finland and ended on 16 March 2002 in Oslo, Norway.
Joe), a character in the G.I.
Riversdale Beach is a settlement in New Zealand.
It is located on the sparsely populated southeast coast of the North Island, 40 kilometres east of Masterton.
It is one of the longest beaches in the Wairarapa and is also known for having a year-round surf.
The Regent Apartments, located in northwest Portland, Oregon, are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
L'Odeur de la mandarine is a 2015 French drama film directed by Gilles Legrand.
It stars Olivier Gourmet and Georgia Scalliet.
It was nominated for two César Awards at the 41st César Awards.The mother and her child have to seek shelter under the manor of kind and rich retired general.
He and the mother decide to marry but they plan to have no children.
The general and the mother having trouble in bed.
The general decides to satisfy through prostitution.
The mother quite piss about this and decide to hump with the horse keeper who has already kept an eye on her for sometime.
The February 9 Killer is an unidentified suspected serial killer believed to be responsible for the 2006 murder of Sonia Mejia and her unborn baby and the 2008 murder of Damiana Castillo in Salt Lake County, Utah.
The murders were committed on the same day, February 9, hence the name.
The corresponding police departments concurrently released a description of the perpetrator as a Hispanic male in his late teens or early 20s.
A twenty-man task force was then formed.
, the case is classified as a cold case.
In November 2018 Salt Lake County District Attorney Sim Gill announced that a suspect was in custody in another jurisdiction and was in the process of being extradited back to Utah to face murder charges.
Sonia Mejia's unborn baby, between five and six months gestation.
Damiana Castillo, aged 57, was strangled in her apartment in West Valley City.
6-phosphofructo-2-kinase/fructose-2,6-biphosphatase 2 is an enzyme that in humans is encoded by the PFKFB2 gene.
The protein encoded by this gene is involved in both the synthesis and degradation of fructose-2,6-bisphosphate, a regulatory molecule that controls glycolysis in eukaryotes.
The encoded protein has a 6-phosphofructo-2-kinase activity that catalyzes the synthesis of fructose-2,6-bisphosphate, and a fructose-2,6-biphosphatase activity that catalyzes the degradation of fructose-2,6-bisphosphate.
This protein regulates fructose-2,6-bisphosphate levels in the heart, while a related enzyme encoded by a different gene regulates fructose-2,6-bisphosphate levels in the liver and muscle.
This enzyme functions as a homodimer.
Two transcript variants encoding two different isoforms have been found for this gene.
The 2008 Jelajah Malaysia, a cycling stage race that took place in Malaysia.
It was held from 7 to 13 January 2008.
There were seven stages with a total of 1,352.2 kilometres.
In fact, the race was sanctioned by the Union Cycliste Internationale as a 2.2 category race and was part of the 2007–08 UCI Asia Tour calendar.
Tonton Susanto of Indonesia won the race, followed by Ghader Mizbani of Iran second and Fredrik Johansson of Sweden third overall.
Anuar Manan of Malaysia won the points classification and Hossein Askari of Iran won the mountains classification.
won the team classification.
A total of 20 teams were invited to participate in the 2008 Jelajah Malaysia.
Out of 120 riders, a total of 91 riders made it to the finish in Kuala Lumpur.
Jürgen Renn (born 11 July 1956 in Moers, Germany) is a German historian of science, and since 1994 Director at the Max Planck Institute for the History of Science in Berlin.
In 1987 he received his Ph.D in mathematical physics from the Technical University of Berlin.
Between 1986 and 1992 he worked as co-editor of the "Collected Papers of Albert Einstein" at Boston University.
Between 1991 and 1996 he co-directed with Peter Damerow the "Arbeitsstelle Albert Einstein" at the Max Planck Institute for Human Development in Berlin.
In 1993/94 he was visiting professor at Tel Aviv University and at the ETH Zurich.
Since its founding in 1994 Renn is a Director at the Max Planck Institute for the History of Science (MPIWG) in Berlin.
Renn holds an honorary professorship for the history of science at the Humboldt University of Berlin and at the Free University of Berlin.
Since 1998 he is Adjunct Professor for philosophy and physics at Boston University.
He is a member of the Academy of Sciences Leopoldina, the International Academy for the History of Science, and serves on the executive boards of Berlin's German Universities Excellence Initiative 'Topoi' and the Berliner Antike-Kolleg.
His writings include The Formative Years of Relativity: The History and Meaning of Einstein's Princeton Lectures (with Hanoch Gutfreund, Princeton University Press, 2017) and The Road to Relativity: The History and Meaning of Einstein's "The Foundation of General Relativity", Featuring the Original Manuscript of Einstein's Masterpiece (with Hanoch Gutfreund, Princeton University Press, 2017), and Einstein on Einstein: Autobiographical and Scientific Reflections (with Hanoch Gutfreund, Princeton University Press, 2020).
His research projects have dealt with the historical development of mechanics from antiquity until the 20th century.
In this context Renn also investigates the origins of mechanics in China, the transformation of ancient knowledge, and the exchange of knowledge between Europe and China in the early modern period.
A main focus of Renn's research is the history of modern physics, investigating the origin and development of general theory of relativity, and of quantum theory in particular.
Renn has taken on the challenges of the Anthropocene in investigating the history of knowledge and science.
In 1992 he launched an initiative with Peter Damerow and Paolo Galluzzi to create a freely accessible “Galileo-Einstein Electronic Archive” online.
With support from the European Community, he later founded the  ECHO-Initiative (European Cultural Heritage Online) to promote the study of historical sources online.
Renn is one of the initiators of the Berlin Declaration on Open Access to Knowledge in the Sciences and Humanities and launched the publishing platform Edition Open Access together with other colleagues from the Max Planck Society.
Princeton: Princeton University Press, 2015 (with Hanoch Gutfreund).
Relativity: the Special and the General Theory, 100th Anniversary Edition.
Princeton: Princeton University Press, 2015 (with Hanoch Gutfreund).
Wissensgeschichte der Architektur.
Vol.
1: Vom Neolithikum bis zum Alten Orient; vol.
2: Vom Alten Ägypten bis zum Antiken Rom; vol.
3: Vom Mittelalter bis zur Frühen Neuzeit.
Studies 3, 4, 5: Max Planck Research Library in the History and Development of Knowledge.
Berlin, Edition Open Access, 2014 (with Wilhelm Osthues, Hermann Schlimme).
The Equilibrium Controversy.
Guidobaldo Del Monte´s Critical Notes on the Mechanics of Jordanus and Benedetti and Their Historical and Conceptual Background.
Berlin: Edition Open Access, 2012 (with Peter Damerow).
The Globalization of Knowledge in History.
Wien: Picus Verlag, 2007.
The Genesis of General Relativity, 4 Vols.
(Boston Studies in the Philosophy of Science, vol.
250): vol.
1 and 2 (Einstein's Zurich Notebooks), vol.
3 (Gravitation in the twilight of classical physics – between mechanics, field theory and astronomy), vol.
4 (Gravitation in the twilight of classical physics – the promise of mathematics).
Dordrecht: Springer, 2007.
Positioning the History of Science.
(Boston Studies in the Philosophie of Science, vol.
248).
Dordrecht: Springer, 2007 (with Kostas Gavroglu).
Albert Einstein – Ingenieur des Universums.
3 Vols.
Berlin: Wiley-VCH, 2006.
"Einstein’s Copernican Revolution," in The Cambridge Companion to Einstein, edited by Michel Janssen und Christoph Lehner, 38–71.
New York: Cambridge University Press, 2014 (with Robert Rynasiewicz).
"The Globalization of Knowledge in History and its Normative Challenges," in Rechtsgeschichte/Legal History'' 2014 (22):52–60.
"Beyond Editions: Historical Sources in the Digital Age," in Internationalität und Interdisziplinarität der Editionswissenschaft, edited by Michael Stolz, and Yen-Chun Chen, 9–28.
editio / Beihefte 38.
Textures of the Anthropocene, edited by Katrin Klingan, Ashkan Sepahvand, Christoph Rosol und Bernd M. Scherer, 241–259.
Cambridge: MIT Press, 2015.
"Schrödinger and the Genesis of Wave Mechanics," in  Erwin Schrödinger – 50 Years After, edited by Wolfgang L. Reiter und Jakob Yngvason, 9-36.
Zurich: European Mathematical Society, 2013.
"The Emergence of Statistical Mechanics," in The Oxford Handbook of the History of Physics, edited by Jed Z. Buchwald und Robert Fox, 765–788.
Oxford: Oxford University Press, 2013 (with Olivier Darrigol).
"The Transformation of Ancient Mechanics into a Mechanistic World View," in Transformationen antiker Wissenschaften, edited by Georg Toepfer und Hartmut Böhme, 243–267.
Transformationen der Antike, Berlin: De Gruyter, 2010 (with Peter Damerow).
In numerical linear algebra, the Alternating Direction Implicit (ADI) method is an iterative method used to solve Sylvester matrix equations.
It is a popular method for solving the large matrix equations that arise in systems theory and control, and can be formulated to construct solutions in a memory-efficient, factored form.
It is also used to numerically solve parabolic and elliptic partial differential equations, and is a classic method used for modeling heat conduction and solving the diffusion equation in two or more dimensions.
It is an example of an operator splitting method.
One ADI iteration consists of the following steps:1.
Solve for , where  2.
Solve for , where  .
The numbers  are called shift parameters, and convergence  depends strongly on the choice of these parameters.
To perform  iterations of ADI, an initial guess  is required, as well as  shift parameters, .
It is therefore only beneficial to use ADI when matrix-vector multiplication and linear solves involving  and  can be applied cheaply.
The equation  has a unique solution if and only if , where  is the spectrum of .
However, the ADI method performs especially well when  and  are well-separated, and  and  are normal matrices.
These assumptions are met, for example, by the Lyapunov equation  when  is positive definite.
Under these assumptions, near-optimal shift parameters are known for several choices of  and .
Additionally, a priori error bounds can be computed, thereby eliminating the need to monitor the residual error in implementation.
The ADI method can still be applied when the above assumptions are not met.
The use of suboptimal shift parameters may adversely affect convergence, and convergence is also affected by the non-normality of  or  (sometimes advantageously).
Krylov subspace methods, such as the Rational Krylov Subspace Method, are observed to typically converge more rapidly than ADI in this setting, and this has led to the development of hybrid ADI-projection methods.
This problem can be understood by examining the ADI error equation.
The ideal set of shift parameters  defines a rational function  that minimizes the quantity .
The Lyapunov equation , for example, satisfies these assumptions when  is positive definite.
In this case, the shift parameters can be expressed in closed form using elliptic integrals, and can easily be computed numerically.
This approximation problem is related to several results in potential theory, and was solved by Zolotarev in 1877 for  = [a, b] and   The solution is also known when  and  are disjoint disks in the complex plane.
In this setting, a variety of strategies for generating good shift parameters can be used.
These include strategies based on asymptotic results in potential theory, using the Ritz values of the matrices , , , and  to formulate a greedy approach, and cyclic methods, where the same small collection of shift parameters are reused until a convergence tolerance is met.
When the same shift parameter is used at every iteration, ADI is equivalent to an algorithm called Smith's method.
In such a setting, it may not be feasible to store the potentially dense matrix  explicitly.
A variant of ADI, called factored ADI, can be used to compute , where .
The effectiveness of factored ADI depends on whether  is well-approximated by a low rank matrix.
This is known to be true under various assumptions about  and .
Unlike ADI for matrix equations, ADI for parabolic equations does not require the selection of shift parameters, since the shift appearing in each iteration is determined by parameters such as the timestep, diffusion coefficient, and grid spacing.
The connection to ADI on matrix equations can be observed when one considers the action of the ADI iteration on the system at steady state.
This method results in a very complicated set of equations in multiple dimensions, which are costly to solve.
The advantage of the ADI method is that the equations that have to be solved in each step have a simpler structure and can be solved efficiently with the tridiagonal matrix algorithm.
After performing a stability analysis, it can be shown that this method will be stable for any .
A disadvantage of the Crank–Nicolson method is that the matrix in the above equation is banded with a band width that is generally quite large.
This makes direct solution of the system of linear equations quite costly (although efficient approximate solutions exist, for example use of the conjugate gradient method preconditioned with incomplete Cholesky factorization).
It can be shown that this method is unconditionally stable and second order in time and space.
There are more refined ADI methods such as the methods of Douglas, or the f-factor method which can be used for three or more dimensions.
In the diffusion example above we have  and .
This may be regarded as the fundamental (basic) scheme of ADI method,  with no more operator (to be reduced) at the right-hand sides,  unlike most traditional implicit methods that usually consist of operators at both sides of equations.
The FADI method leads to simpler, more concise and efficient update equations without degrading the accuracy of conventional ADI method.
In their fundamental forms, the FADI method of second-order temporal accuracy can be related closely to the fundamental locally one-dimensional (FLOD) method, which can be upgraded to second-order temporal accuracy, such as for three-dimensional Maxwell's equations  in computational electromagnetics.
For two- and three-dimensional heat conduction and diffusion equations, both FADI and FLOD methods may be implemented in simpler, more efficient and stable manner compared to their conventional methods.
Relativity was a Scots-Irish quartet formed in 1985 consisting of two Scottish brothers and an Irish brother and sister.
The four members of the band were brothers Johnny Cunningham (fiddle) and Phil Cunningham (accordion, keyboard, whistle, bodhran), and Irish sister and brother Tríona Ní Dhomhnaill (vocals, clavinet) and Mícheál Ó Domhnaill (vocals, guitar, keyboard).
Each of the members enjoyed a flourishing solo career at the time Relativity was formed.
South Carolina Highway 263 (SC 263) is a  state highway in the U.S. state of South Carolina.
The highway connects Eastover with rural areas of Richland County.
It travels to the northeast and leaves the city limits.
The highway crosses Griffin Creek.
Approximately  later, it intersects U.S. Route 601 (US 601; McCords Ferry Road).
Farther to the northeast, it meets its northern terminus, an intersection with US 76/US 378 (Garners Ferry Road).
Pet Sounds: 10 Years of Rodent Rock (1998) is a double CD compilation that contains 34 tracks and is a combination of a 'greatest hits' type collection along with songs from the archives that have never been released on CD before.
Rev Otis Elevator —- drums, vocals.
Ms Zsa Zsa Poltergeist —- bass, vocals.
Abock Shoak is a Sudanese boxer.
He competed in the men's welterweight event at the 1984 Summer Olympics.
was a railway station located in Wajima, Ishikawa Prefecture, Japan.
This station was abandoned in 2001.
@Large Films (At Large Films) is a full-service commercial production company and visual content agency based in Portland, Oregon, United States.
@Large is home to one of the region's largest indoor studios, and has been integral to the growth of a sustainable television/film industry in Portland.
Anywhere that visual content is displayed, @Large has the expertise and production capabilities to fit the medium.
Signature Films changed operations, ownership, and names in 1999, when it was bought by Juliana Lukasik.
Upon purchase of the company in 1999, Lukasik became the executive producer.
Juliana Lukasik is working to improve television commercials targeting women.
and Mosh Media, a post-production editing studio.
@Large maintains film crews on location throughout the U.S. and around the world.
Gangrel Dam (हिन्दी: गंगरेल बाँध) also known as the Ravishankar Sagar named in the name of Ravishankar Shukla located in Chhattisgarh, India.
It is built across the Mahanadi River.
It is located in Dhamtari district, about 17 km from Dhamtari and about 90 km from Raipur.
It is the longest dam in Chhattisgarh.
This dam supplies year round irrigation, allowing farmers to harvest two crops per year and key water supplier of Bhilai Steel Plant.
The dam also supplies 10 MW of hydro-electric power capacity.
Sphaenothecus picticornis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
It was described by Bates in 1880.
Lech Kowalski (born 1951) is an American film director of Polish descent.
He was born in London to Polish parents.
His most notable film is the documentary, D.O.A., subtitled A Rite of Passage, which chronicled the burgeoning UK punk scene at the tail-end of the 1970s, and included footage of the Sex Pistols' abortive 1978 American tour.
He also directed Story of a Junkie, a film starring John Spacely, and Born To Lose: The Last Rock and Roll Movie, about Johnny Thunders of the New York Dolls and The Heartbreakers.
He also created Hey!
Is Dee Dee Home?, which focused on Ramones bassist Dee Dee Ramone and his struggle with heroin addiction.
Is Dee Dee Home?
Excessive menstruation between puberty and 19 years of age is called puberty menorrhagia.
Excessive menstruation is defined as bleeding over 80 ml per menstrual period or lasting more than 7 days.
The most common cause for puberty menorrhagia is dysfunctional uterine bleeding.
The other reasons are idiopathic thrombocytopenic purpura, hypothyroidism, genital tuberculosis, polycystic ovarian disease, leukemia and coagulation disorders.
The most common physiological reason for puberty menorrhagia is the immaturity of hypothalamic-pituitary-ovarian axis, leading to inadequate positive feedback and sustained high estrogen levels.
Most patients present with anemia due to excessive blood loss.
The patient is assessed with a thorough medical history, physical examination (to look for features of anemia), gynaecological examination (to rule out local causes) and laboratory investigations (to rule out coagulopathies and malignancy).
It is mandatory to exclude pregnancy.
The treatment is determined based on the cause of menorrhagia.
In case of puberty menorrhagia due to immaturity of hypothalamic axis, hormonal therapy is beneficial.
Treatment for blood loss should be done simultaneously with iron therapy in mild to moderate blood loss and blood transfusion in severe blood loss.
Paul Niehans (21 November 18821 September 1971) was a Swiss doctor who was one of the developers of cellular therapy called the Niehans method.
His renown grew through his treatment of celebrities such as Pope Pius XII, King Ibn Saud, Konrad Adenauer and Charlie Chaplin.
Paul Niehans, the son of a doctor, was born and raised in Switzerland.
He first studied theology, but quickly grew dissatisfied with religious life and took up medicine.
He first studied at Bern, then completed an internship in Zürich.
Niehans joined the Swiss Army in 1912.
When war broke out in the Balkans, Niehans set up a hospital in Belgrade, Yugoslavia.
Intrigued with Alexis Carrel's experiments, Niehans specialized in glandular transplants and by 1925 was one of the leading glandular surgeons in Europe.
In 1931, Niehans treated a patient suffering from tetany whose parathyroid had been erroneously removed by another physician.
Too weak for a glandular transplant, the patient was given injections of the parathyroid glands of steer, and she soon recovered.
Live cell therapy (or fresh cell therapy), developed in the ’30s by Niehans, involves harvesting fresh cells from sheep{New Zealand Black Sheep, is the breed he used]embryo and injecting them directly (intramuscular) into the person’s buttocks.
There is no evidence it is useful for any health problem.
There have been several instances of severe adverse effects including death.
In 1937, influenced by the work of  the neurosurgeon Harvey Williams Cushing, Niehans first  used  cerebral cells, from the  hypothalamus and  the hypophysis.
Beginning in 1948, he also used  liver, pancreas, kidney, heart, duodenum, thymus, and spleen cells.
In 1949, he began to use  lyophilized (freeze-dried) cells, not only fresh ones.
In 1953, Paul Niehans treated Pope Pius XII, who in gratitude appointed him member of the Papal Academy of Sciences.
In the United States, it is not legally available because of safety concerns and lack of proof of its effectiveness.
In: Schweizerische Ärztezeitung / Bulletin des médecins suisses / Bollettino dei medici svizzeri.
2002;83: Nr 32/33, S. 1726f.
Albert Julius Olsson  (1 February 1864 – 7 September 1942) was a British maritime artist and keen yachtsman.
Olsson cruised with his yacht most summers, and The Studio commented: 'He knows the way from the Scillies to the Isle of Wight as most men know their way to the nearest railway station.'
He exhibited a painting of Newlyn in 1887, and sold a painting at Newlyn in 1897.
By then he was an important figure in the St Ives school of artists where, from circa 1890 to 1912, despite having little or no formal artistic training himself, he taught alongside Louis Grier and later Algernon Talmage.
His work was first accepted at the Royal Academy in 1890, and he joined the New English Art Club in 1891.
In 1912 he returned to London.
During his time at St Ives, the town drew in many artists and Olsson taught many of them, including Mary McCrossan and Richard Hayley Lever, Reginald Guy Kortright, Emily Carr, John Anthony Park, Charles David Jones Bryant, Robert Borlase Smart and many others.
In 1914 Olsson was elected an Associate member of the Royal Academy.
During the First World War he served as a lieutenant in the RNVR, giving him the opportunity to paint naval ships in action.
He became a full member of the Royal Academy in 1920.
In St Ives, with his artist wife Kathleen, he designed and set up home at what was to become (until 2014) the St Eia Hotel.
St Eia was situated with views North to St Ives Harbour and round to the east overlooking Carbis Bay, and during their time there it was to house a studio and become a school of art.
Elsewhere it is stated that (after leaving St Ives) he married Edith Ellison in 1925.
Edith was the daughter of an Irish horse breeder, and after the marriage he made frequent painting trips both to Ireland and to Sweden.
In the Second World War Olsson was bombed out of his London studio.
He died at Dalkey, near Dublin, in 1942.
His works may be found in museums all over the UK.
Mahatma Gandhi Memorial Hospital is located in Warangal city of the Indian  state of Telangana.
It is a 1450-bed hospital which is undertaken by the government of Telangana.
The Health minister of Telangana, ETELA RAJENDER announced that the existing MGM Hospital will be upgraded to a world class teaching hospital under the KNRUHS.
Mgm will be having around 3000 out patients per day.
The super speciality hospital is in its final stage of construction, with almost all the super specialities.
South Canterbury is a former parliamentary electorate, in South Canterbury, New Zealand.
It existed for three parliamentary terms from 1969 to 1978.
It was accepted that through the more rapid population growth in the North Island, the number of its electorates would continue to increase, and to keep proportionality, three new electorates were allowed for in the 1967 electoral redistribution for the next election.
In the North Island, five electorates were newly created and one electorate was reconstituted while three electorates were abolished.
In the South Island, three electorates were newly created (including South Canterbury) and one electorate was reconstituted while three electorates were abolished.
The overall effect of the required changes was highly disruptive to existing electorates, with all but three electorates having their boundaries altered.
These changes came into effect with the .
In the 1967 electoral redistribution, the  electorate move significantly north, and most of that electorates area came to the South Canterbury electorate.
In the south, some area was gained from the  electorate.
Rural land that was previously with the  electorate was also absorbed.
The electorate was rural and settlements included Mount Somers, Mount Cook Village, Albury, Burkes Pass, Fairlie, Kimbell, Lake Tekapo, Twizel, Geraldine, Pleasant Point, Kurow, and Waimate.
In the 1972 electoral redistribution, the southern boundary shifted slightly north, and Kurow and Waimate transferred to the  electorate.
In the 1977 electoral redistribution, South Canterbury was abolished.
Its area was roughly evenly split between the Ashburton electorate, which moved south again, and the reconstituted Waitaki electorate.
When the South Canterbury electorate was formed in 1969, he transferred to there.
With the abolition of the South Canterbury electorate in 1978 after three parliamentary terms, Talbot transferred back to the Ashburton electorate.
Dioptis aeliana is a moth of the family Notodontidae first described by Henry Walter Bates in 1862.
It is found in lowland sites in Amazonian Brazil.
It is the only known Dioptis species in which the hindwings are almost completely ochreous orange.
It is part of a mimicry complex with Brevioleria aelia (the butterfly that led Bates to name the species), Hyposcada illinissa, Napeogenes sylphis, Oleria gunilla and Oleria ilerdina.
Nouveau Gloaming is the first full-length album by Norwegian/English black metal band Code.
The album was released on June 13, 2005 through Spikefarm Records.
Juan Victor Séjour Marcou et Ferrand (2 June 1817 – 20 September 1874) was an American expatriate writer who worked in France.
Though mostly unknown to later American writers, his short story "Le Mulâtre" ("The Mulatto") is the earliest known work of fiction by a Creole author.
His parents were wealthy, and had him educated in a private school.
At the age of nineteen he moved to Paris to continue his education and find work.
There he met members of the Parisian literary elite, including Cyrille Bissette, publisher of the black-owned journal La Revue des Colonies.
Bisette published "Le Mulâtre", Séjour's first work, in 1837.
The story of a loyal slave exacting revenge on his cruel master/father for the death of his wife, "Le Mulâtre" contains an indictment of New World slavery that is found in none of Séjour's subsequent work.
Séjour then turned away from written fiction, and composed an ode to Napoleon in 1841 and the verse drama The Jew of Seville in 1844.
The latter cemented his reputation as a playwright; he went on to write Richard III, a Shakespeare-inspired costume drama about Richard III of England, that became Séjour's most acclaimed work.
Towards the end of his life, however, Séjour's plays fell out of favor, resulting in a decline in his status.
Written in French, "Le Mulâtre" had little effect on American literature, and was not even translated into English until the late 20th century.
Its condemnation of slavery, however, anticipates the work of later African-American writers such as Frederick Douglass and William Wells Brown.
It was a typical artificial comedy of the time period with witty comments and puns; however, it has nothing to do with race or greater issues of the world.
This being so, Séjour is still known as a great African-American playwright who led a successful career.
"The Mulatto."
In Nellie Y. McKay and Henry Louis Gates (editors).
The Norton Anthology of African American Literature Second edition, Norton, 2004.
Victor Séjour; Norman R. Shapiro (translator).
The Jew of Seville.
University of Illinois Press, 2002.
Victor Séjour.
"Le Mulâtre".
Revue des Colonies Paris, 3:9 (March 1837), pages 376–392.
Brickhouse, Anna.
Transamerican Literary Relations and the Nineteenth-Century Public Sphere.
Cambridge: Cambridge University Press, 2004.
Hatch, James V., and Ted Shine.
Black Theatre USA: Plays by African Americans.
New York: Free, 1996.
Print.
Seeds of Rebellion in Plantation Fiction: Victor Séjour's "The Mulatto".
Southern Spaces.
The TORPET was a Toronto-based computer magazine directed at users of Commodore's 8-bit home computers.
Twenty-eight issues were produced for TPUG from November 1980 to August 1984.
In 1984 TORPET's owner and editor, Bruce Beach, dissociated the publication from TPUG and relaunched it as an oceanography journal, backronymming its name to Today's Oceanographic Research Program for Education & Training.
TPUG launched its own computing journal, TPUG Magazine, in February 1984.
A 320-page anthology of The TORPET's most popular articles, The Best of The TORPET Plus More for the Commodore 64 and the VIC-20, was published in 1984 by Copp Clark Pitman.
It featured type-in listings for over a thousand freeware programs, articles and cartoon strips teaching BASIC and machine language programming, memory maps, and user documentation for popular public domain software.
Pyropteron chrysidiforme, the fiery clearwing, is a moth of the family Sesiidae.
It is found in Europe, more specifically in Spain, Portugal, Majorca, southern England, Belgium, France, Corsica, Sardinia, Italy and southern Germany.
The wingspan is 15–23 mm.
The moth flies from June to July depending on the location.
The larvae feed on Rumex species.
"Brand X" is the eighteenth episode of the seventh season of the science fiction television series The X-Files.
It premiered on the Fox network in the United States on April 16, 2000.
It was written by Steven Maeda and Greg Walker and directed by Kim Manners.
The episode is a "Monster-of-the-Week" story, unconnected to the series' wider mythology.
"Brand X" earned a Nielsen household rating of 6.8, being watched by 10.81 million people in its initial broadcast.
The episode received mixed reviews from critics.
The show centers on FBI special agents Fox Mulder (David Duchovny) and Dana Scully (Gillian Anderson) who work on cases linked to the paranormal, called X-Files.
Mulder is a believer in the paranormal, while the skeptical Scully has been assigned to debunk his work.
In this episode, Walter Skinner (Mitch Pileggi) is horrified when the witness who was due to testify against the Morley cigarette company dies mysteriously.
After being called into assist, Mulder and Scully soon discover that a new brand of cigarette has a dangerous secret.
Inspired by the 1999 film The Insider, "Brand X" was written by Maeda and Walker to be an exploration of the corporate evil inside the cigarette industry.
The scenes featuring shots of beetles crawling out of corpses were shot and filmed using real insects as well as real actors.
In one particular scene, over 3,000 live insects were used.
Those scenes took up to a full day to film.
Prior to his trial, Scobie develops a cough, but shrugs it off.
In the morning, Skinner and Scobie's wife find his body on the bathroom floor, with his face ripped away.
Morley has created a form of "super-tobacco", which is inhabited by a genetically engineered tobacco beetle whose eggs can survive the process of cigarette manufacturing and are released in the smoke of the cigarettes.
The cigarettes were tested on a range of subjects by Scobie and his colleague, Dr. Peter Voss.
Of the four human test subjects, chain smoker Darryl Weaver is the only surviving participant.
Prior to his death, Scobie agreed to give Weaver an unlimited supply of cigarettes in exchange for his silence; he subsequently pressures Voss into honoring his "arrangement" with Scobie.
A chain of victims soon succumb to the eggs contained in the toxic smoke, all of whom are found with their bodies covered in the tobacco beetles.
While interviewing Weaver, Fox Mulder (David Duchovny) is exposed to the smoke, later coughing up blood and needing his lungs invasively cleared as the beetles begin to hatch.
Voss, who had until now been hiding behind his legal advisor, has a change of heart upon hearing of Mulder's condition and tells Skinner of the aforementioned testing.
Skinner goes to Weaver's apartment after getting his name from Voss and finds a Morley employee tied to a chair with a gag in his mouth.
When Skinner removes the gag, the man chokes and beetles begin crawling from his mouth.
At the hospital, Mulder is in grave danger due to the eggs now hatching in his lungs, and Dana Scully (Gillian Anderson) attempts to find a way to save him, because he is now "too weak for thoracic surgery."
Meanwhile, Weaver attempts to browbeat Skinner, threatening to light one of the toxic cigarettes.
As Weaver attempts to leave the building, Skinner shoots his shoulder and the pane of glass behind him, leaving him injured and covered in glass.
He drops his cigarette to the floor and Skinner snuffs it out with his shoe.
Back at the hospital, Scully realizes that nicotine might save Mulder's life.
She is correct in her solution, noting that Weaver's nicotine tolerance didn't allow the beetles to develop.
Scully administers nicotine to Mulder, who in turn recovers, albeit with a sore throat, as well as a minor addiction to nicotine, which drives him to buy a pack of Morley cigarettes for himself.
Chided by Scully, he throws them out, but then stares at them pensively after she leaves.
However, since an earlier season seven episode, "Hungry", had dealt with similar themes, the writing staff decided to take the story in a different direction and examine the "corporate evil that populates the cigarette industry".
The episode's writers, Steven Maeda and Greg Walker, were both admitted fans of The Insider (1999), a film that examines the tobacco industry, and so the two decided to craft an episode with a similar feel.
Marc Shapiro, in his book All Things: The Official Guide to the X-Files Volume 6, notes that the episode's theme was "literally, torn from the headlines"—a rare occurrence for an X-Files episode.
Because both David Duchovny and Gillian Anderson were busy finalizing their own episodes ("Hollywood A.D." and "All Things", respectively), the writers struggled with a way to create a convincing story that did not require Mulder and Scully to be in every scene.
The two eventually decided that causing Mulder to get sick in acts three and four would free up Duchovny for his episode.
Walker noted, "Mulder getting sick in Act Two and being in a hospital bed for Acts Three and Four was the direct result of his limited amount of time.
It was easier to shoot a bunch of stuff of him in bed than having him have to be in a lot of different locations."
In this manner, each scene was given "a perpetually smoky look".
Kaplan, who worked closely with episode director Kim Manners, had the idea to "enhance" Morley Cigarette's corporate offices with "long hallways and sets heavy on texture and grit" in order to complement the aforementioned palate choice.
The scenes of beetles crawling out of corpses were shot and filmed using real insects as well as real actors.
During one scene in which a victim's body is discovered, over 3,000 live beetles were shot crawling on the body of Mike Hungerford, the portraying actor.
Producer Harry Bring later claimed that the bug scenes were tedious and hard to film because "bugs don't take directions very well, so you pretty much have to wait until they decided to get it right."
Although the shots of the bugs were considerably brief in the final episode, the scenes required a full day of shooting to get perfect.
The sequences of bugs crawling out of Daniel Brimley's mouth and the shots of the bugs being sucked out of Mulder were created by combining CGI imagery with "dummy bugs".
This episode earned a Nielsen rating of 6.8, with a 10 share, meaning that roughly 6.8 percent of all television-equipped households, and 10 percent of households watching television, were tuned in to the episode.
It was viewed by 10.81 million viewers.
The episode aired in the United Kingdom and Ireland on Sky1 on July 16, 2000, and received 0.75 million viewers, making it the most watched episode that week.
Fox promoted the episode with the tagline "Tonight the terror is inside.
Deep inside."
Tom Kessenich, in his book Examinations, gave the episode a moderately positive review.
He wrote that "this wasn't the most riveting X-File I've ever seen and there wasn't a tremendous amount of heart-pounding tension from beginning to end [...] but that didn't bother me.
Sometimes, just being entertained is enough."
Paula Vitaris from Cinefantastique gave the episode a moderately positive review and awarded it two-and-a-half stars out of four.
Vitaris concluded that the episode was "not the series' most exciting episode, but a solid story with interesting characters used well in the service of the plot" Kenneth Silber from Space.com wrote positively of the episode, saying "'Brand X' benefits from a certain unpredictability in its plot and characters.
The menace is unusual, and imaginatively conceived.
The tobacco company and its employees display a degree of complexity, rather than merely serving as one-dimensional villains in a public-health morality play."
Gareth Wigmore of TV Zone gave the episode an 8 out of 10 rating.
Wigmore noted that a "freshness surrounds the whole episode, presumably a result of the writing".
Emily VanDerWerff of The A.V.
Club awarded the episode a "C".
She called it a "hodge-podge of various elements that have worked in the past but feel beyond tired now".
She was largely critical of the episode's story, which she felt was a rip-off of The Insider, as well as the make-up effects for the episode, which he called "fairly fake" looking.
VanDerWerff, however, was complimentary towards Tobin Bell's performance, calling him "charismatic and interesting", as well as the fact that he plays "a great schemer".
Rich Rosell from DigitallyObsessed.com awarded the episode 3 out of 5 stars and wrote "Tobacco beetles, dismembered noses and some really bad second-hand smoke permeate this installment, but it gets snuffed out with a lazy payoff."
Robert Shearman and Lars Pearson, in their book Wanting to Believe: A Critical Guide to The X-Files, Millennium & The Lone Gunmen, rated the episode two-and-a-half stars out of five.
Despite praising the plot, writing "it's a great premise, with lots of gore and larvae", the two lament its loss in direction: "halfway through, once the episode reveals what its concept is, the story is left with nowhere to go."
Gzhel () is a rural locality (a selo) in Ramensky District of Moscow Oblast, Russia, located  southeast from the center of Moscow.
As of the 2010 Census, its population was 1,006.
It gave its name to Gzhel ceramics as well as the Gzhelian age and stage in the ICS geologic time scale.
In a broader sense, the name may also refer to a cluster of rural localities in the vicinity of Gzhel and Rechitsy.
An eponymous railway station on the Moscow–Kazan line has been operating since 1912, and a different settlement also named Gzhel is located in the vicinity.
Gzhel stands on the banks of the Gzhelka River, known from the 1451 charter of Sophia of Lithuania, mother of Vasily II of Moscow, as Kzhelya.
The year of Gzhel's foundation remains unknown, but it was first reliably documented in the 1784 population audit.
Gzhel prospered in the end of 19th century; the 1871 population audit recorded eleven retail shops, fifteen pubs, five inns, and eighty-eight manufacturing shops.
Farmland was scarce; most of the population made a living in ceramic trade or worked in Moscow.
According to 1878 records, 952 local men and 177 women worked outside of Gzhel, yet the number of workers from other places was over 1,200, evenly balancing the equation.
Unhealthy work environments promoted mass tuberculosis among locals and guest workers; in 1909, a privately funded free sanatorium for TB patients was built here.
Tureň () is a village and municipality in western Slovakia in  Senec District in the Bratislava Region.
After the Austro-Hungarian army disintegrated in November 1918, Czechoslovak troops occupied the area, later acknowledged internationally by the Treaty of Trianon.
Between 1938 and 1945 Tureň once more  became part of Miklós Horthy's Hungary through the First Vienna Award.
From 1945 until the Velvet Divorce, it was part of Czechoslovakia.
Since then it has been part of Slovakia.
Ronnie Aaron Creager (born January 14, 1974) is a "goofy-footed" American professional skateboarder from Orange, California.
He basically brainwashed me as a small child by pushing me around on his board when my mind was just developing.
My first real board was a Sure-Grip that belonged to my sister, but the one I remember the most from early on was a Ken Park.
I had all the plastic accessories on it—plus Rip Grip and cut-up griptape in all different colors.
But back then, the only things that mattered to me were the wheels.
If I could roll, I was in business.
At one point, I was the only rider on the team.
I was worried.
I had lost a sponsor before and knew how it felt, but this time was different: it wasn’t about getting kicked off—it was that the company might fall apart.
In 2011, Creager revealed that he had been with the company for almost twenty years, stating that his entire skateboarding career has been devoted to the brand: "I’ve dedicated my whole skate career to Blind and stood behind the company in times of both good and bad but I’m confident that Blind will take care of me."
Creager was sponsored by Tensor, the skateboard truck brand founded by skateboard pioneer Rodney Mullen—Creager released signature truck models with the brand.
As of September 2013, Creager is a team rider for the Theeve truck brand.
Since 2011, Creager has become increasingly involved with The Berrics website that is owned by professional skateboarders Steve Berra and Eric Koston.
In addition to being sponsored by the Berrics brand, Creager is often featured in the website's video segments and on January 14, 2013, the website released a birthday video that featured Creager skating in the Berrics training facility.
The Blind company published a media release on March 13, 2014 stating that Creager had parted ways with the company.
Creager's future plan for a board sponsor was not included as part of the announcement.
Creager is described as "a one of a kind inspiration to all of us at Blind, the team, everyone at Dwindle and skaters worldwide," with "uncanny board control and effortless style," whose "parts are timeless and serve as inspiration for skaters of all ages from every corner of the globe."
Speculation arose on the internet about whether Creager will join the Almost Skateboards team, as a photo of an Almost board is posted on Creager's Facebook page on March 6, 2014.
As of September 2012, Etcetera produces the following accessories for the retail market: "Primo Insoles", "Ankle Stabiliser", "Lace Belt", and the "Wall Ride" skateboard deck-storage device.
Ankle braces you can skate in, fully padded insoles and other products that I need to keep under wraps for a just little longer.
It’s been in the works for a long time now.
I just think it’s crazy that some of these ideas skaters come up with never get made, so that’s why we exist.
Etcetera also sponsors a team that consists of Lizard King, Jordan Hoffart, Manny Santiago, Ronnie Creager, Morgan Smith, Marc Johnson, and Chase Gabor (Johnson was added to the team in September 2012).
Creager starred in a commercial for Etcetera, filmed at and near his home in California, US, and the production was published on the Internet in February 2012.
That guy, again.. style, creativity, technical abilities, precision.
I would always be captivated by his skateboarding every time I would see anything from him.
It seemed so easy and graceful when you would see him skate.
The 1991–92 Louisville Cardinals men's basketball team represented the University of Louisville in the 1991–92 NCAA Division I men's basketball season.
The head coach was Denny Crum and the team finished the season with an overall record of 19-11.
Danny Saltz defeated Chip Hooper 4–6, 6–3, 6–4, 6–4 to win the 1984 Heineken Open singles competition.
John Alexander was the defending champion.
Tanberg Township is a township in Wilkin County, Minnesota, United States.
The population was 68 at the 2000 census.
Tanberg Township was named for Christian Tanberg, a Norwegian homesteader.
The population density was 2.0 people per square mile (0.8/km²).
There were 33 housing units at an average density of 1.0/sq mi (0.4/km²).
The racial makeup of the township was 97.06% White, 1.47% Native American, and 1.47% from two or more races.
There were 24 households out of which 41.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 75.0% were married couples living together, 8.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 12.5% were non-families.
12.5% of all households were made up of individuals and 8.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.
The average household size was 2.83 and the average family size was 2.95.
In the township the population was spread out with 29.4% under the age of 18, 30.9% from 25 to 44, 26.5% from 45 to 64, and 13.2% who were 65 years of age or older.
The median age was 40 years.
For every 100 females, there were 106.1 males.
For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.0 males.
The median income for a household in the township was $45,938, and the median income for a family was $42,188.
Males had a median income of $36,563 versus $15,625 for females.
The per capita income for the township was $17,429.
None of the population and none of the families were below the poverty line.
"Come to the Funfair" (originally called "Funfair") is a song first written for the 1968 musical film Chitty Chitty Bang Bang but was cut almost entirely from the final edit of the film.
The musical theme is still heard in the soundtrack immediately after "Caractacus Potts" (Dick Van Dyke) sings "Hushabye Mountain".
Then Potts gets the idea to earn money by cutting hair at the funfair.
The music is heard as carnies walk by in the distance.
The song was written by Robert B. Sherman & Richard M. Sherman.
It was choreographed by Gillian Lynne.
The song was directed with a "tinge of the psychedelic" by Royal Shakespeare Company director Adrian Noble partly as an ode to the original film's director's (Ken Hughes') fresh filmic treatment of the story.
In the stage production of "Chitty Chitty Bang Bang" a siren whistle is featured in the song.
Coptoclavella is an extinct genus of beetles in the family Coptoclavidae.
There are about seven described species in Coptoclavella.
Olaf Broch (4 August 1867, Horten28 January 1961, Oslo) was a Norwegian linguist.
He was born in Horten, and was a brother of children's writer Lagertha Broch, zoologist Hjalmar Broch, and social worker Nanna Broch.
He was a professor of Slavic languages at the University of Oslo from 1900 to 1937.
Among his works are Slawische Phonetik  from 1911, Håndbok i elementær fonetikk  from 1921, and Proletariatets diktatur  from 1923.
He translated works by Leo Tolstoy and Fyodor Dostoyevsky into Norwegian.
He was decorated Commander of the Order of St. Olav in 1946.
Broch was a pioneer in the field of Slavic studies in Norway and one of the first scholars to use modern methods to describe the phonetics of Slavic languages.
Team Britain, or Team UK, was a professional wrestling stable brought together to compete in Total Nonstop Action Wrestling's 2004 America's X-Cup Tournament and TNA World Cup 2013.
Also, a Team Britain was formed in 2006, but it never was used.
Team Britain would face off against Team Mexico on April 7, 2004 in a losing effort.
They did not partake in the World X-Cup event in May.
When Team Canada's coach Scott D'Amore mentioned his Team's (so far) lack of involvement in the World X Cup he referred to a "Team UK" (first thought to be a possible misnaming of Team Britain) while listing a host of other possible entries.
The captain was Magnus and the other members, Douglas Williams, Rob Terry, Rockstar Spud and Hannah Blossom.
However, Team UK tied with Team International for 3rd place.
Paul Allan Zaeske (December 4, 1945 – April 18, 1992) was an American football wide receiver who played two seasons with the Houston Oilers of the American Football League and National Football League.
He played college football at North Park University and attended Sterling High School in Sterling, Illinois.
He was also a member of the Houston Texans of the World Football League.
He set a NCAA Division II record for receiving touchdowns in a game with eight on October 12, 1968 against North Central College.
A business directory is a website or printed listing of information which lists businesses within niche based categories.
Businesses can be categorized by niche, location, activity, or size.
Business may be compiled either manually or through an automated online search software.
Online yellow pages are a type of business directory, as is the traditional phone book.
The details provided in a business directory may vary.
They may include the business name, addresses, telephone numbers, location, contact information, type of service or products the business provides, the number of employees, the served region and any professional associations.
Some directories include a section for user reviews, comments, and feedback.
Business directories in the past would take a printed format but have recently been upgraded to websites due to the advent of the internet.
Many business directories offer complimentary listings in addition to the premium options.
There are many business directories and some of these have moved over to the internet and away from printed format.
Whilst not being search engines, business directories often have a search function, enabling users to search businesses by Zip Code, country, state, area or city.
Ease of use and distribution means that many trade directories have a digital version.
Agaraea longicornis is a moth of the family Erebidae.
It was described by Gottlieb August Wilhelm Herrich-Schäffer in 1855.
It is found in Mexico, Guatemala, Panama, Costa Rica, Brazil and Paraguay.
The women's 5000 metres at the 2014 European Athletics Championships took place at the Letzigrund on 16 August.
Paul Peter Vilhelm Breder (10 April 1816–15 January 1890) was a Norwegian civil servant, lawyer, and politician.
He was born in Halden, Norway in 1816 and died in Drammen in 1890.
From 1854 to 1858 he was County Governor of Nordlands amt.
He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1857, representing Nordland county from 1857-1858.
In 1858, he was named the County Governor of Buskeruds amt, a position that he held until 1882.
After that he became a customs official based out of Drammen.
Southwyck Mall was a shopping mall in southern Toledo, Ohio.
After the final anchor left, along with most of the inline stores, the mall closed on June 29, 2008.
For a time in the late 1970s through the early 1980s, Southwyck had a section called "Old Towne".
Accessible via a narrow themed walkway from the regular mall, Old Towne was a common area with cobblestone streets and at least 30 smaller retailers, plus a few novelty arcade machines and a "play tic-tac-toe with the chicken" machine.
Old Towne would eventually close, and the space converted to an additional three cinema screens by AMC (the mall originally opened with a seven-plex, the world's first, according to AMC literature at the time).
AMC also operated another multiplex cinemas in the mall with 8 screens.
Both theaters were eventually sold by AMC to National Amusements in 1995, and later closed.
The mall closed its doors after 36 years of business on June 29, 2008 and by November 1, 2009, the Southwyck Mall was completely demolished; the last structure to be demolished being the Montgomery Ward automobile service center.
When The Lion Store was acquired by Dillard's, the two stores became a Dillard's department store and a Dillard's Home Store.
Montgomery Ward closed in 2001 and remained vacant.
More recently, Dillard's closed its home store in the mall.
Diamond's Men Shops, the last original tenant in the mall, has since moved its shop into a strip mall across Reynolds Road, not far from Southwyck.
In October 2007, Dillards moved to The Shops at Fallen Timbers.
Chiloglanis marlieri is a species of upside-down catfish endemic to the Democratic Republic of the Congo where it occurs in the Ndakirwa River.
This species grows to a length of  TL.
Colegio Cesar Chavez, 1973–1983: A Chicano Struggle for Educational Self-Determination (), written by Carlos Maldonado, is the only book-length study of Colegio Cesar Chavez.
Maldonado was professor of Chicano Education Program at Eastern Washington University.
This work began as Maldonado's doctoral dissertation called "The Longest Running Death in History" which was written at University of Oregon .
The dissertation was later expanded into the full-length book published by Garland Publishers in 2000.
In this work Maldonado claims that due to its geographical location in the Pacific Northwest and the time of its founding, Colegio Cesar Chavez occupies a unique niche in the history of the Chicano Movement.
Maldonado writes that the Mexican American community in Oregon and all of the Pacific Northwest is small in comparison to that of other states in the Western United States, making the small farming community of Mount Angel, Oregon an unlikely place for a Chicano institution.
Additionally, Maldonado writes that Colegio Cesar Chavez was one of the few educational organizations named after Cesar Chavez during his lifetime.
During its decade-long existence Colegio Cesar Chavez was the only fully accredited and independent Chicano and Latino college in the United States.
Tsvetan Iliev (; born 29 April 1990) is a Bulgarian football player, currently playing as a midfielder for Chernomorets Balchik.
Salem Shaloam David  (1853−?)
was a Chinese convert to Judaism.
Feba remained with his parents until 1861, when his family were murdered during the Taiping Rebellion.
He, along with other boys, was held captive by the rebels until they came within a short distance of Shanghai, where the rebels were routed and scattered by British soldiers under Charles George Gordon.
Feba sought protection of Solomon Reuben, one of the volunteers, who presented him to David Sassoon & Co., Shanghai.
Here S. H. David took him under his care; and in 1862 he sent him to Bombay, where he was admitted to the Jewish faith and named Salem Shaloam David.
He was educated at the David Sassoon Benevolent Institution, and joined the firm of Elias David Sassoon & Co. in 1872; served in their Shanghai house from 1874 to 1882; and from 1882 was in their Bombay establishment.
As a communal worker he was equally popular with the Jews and Bene Israel.
He was honorary secretary to the Magen David Synagogue in Byculla and to the Jacob Sassoon Jewish Charity Fund, as well as to the Hebrath Kehat-Kadosh, Bombay.
He was unanimously appointed by the last-named as visitor to the Jewish patients in the hospitals.
He was a member of the Shanghai Society for Rescuing the Chinese Jews.
He married Habiba Reuben Moses in 1883.
Javier Frana defeated Emilio Sánchez 7–5, 3–6, 6–3 to win the 1993 Movistar Open singles competition.
The Guildhall in Barnstaple in Devon in the United Kingdom is the Guildhall for the town and was completed in 1828, replacing an earlier Guildhall.
Beneath and behind the Guildhall is the Pannier Market; completed in 1855, the building has been a Grade II* listed building since 19 January 1951.
Originally, a meat market was on the present site with a corn market above made up of 34 stalls running from the High Street to Anchor Lane, about halfway down the length of the present Pannier Market.
The people of Barnstaple were unwilling to extend the market further at this time as they were concerned at the high cost required to buy the site and feared that a Pannier Market in the town would not be a success.
Meanwhile, vegetables and dairy goods continued to be sold from panniers outside on either side of the High Street.
Eventually it was decided to build a Guildhall on the High Street end of the meat market.
Designed by Thomas Lee in 1826 and completed in 1828, the smoothly rusticated ground floor supports an upper floor with Ionic pilasters and pediment, modest in scale and appearance.
The High Street façade has five arches with the central bay wider than the others.
The side wall facing Butchers' Row is probably by local architect R.D.
Gould and dates to 1855.
While the Guildhall is built of solid and rendered walls, portions exposed internally during works in 1991 suggest that the front wall is built of red brick while the right side wall (which is possibly a pre-1826 party wall) is built of stone rubble.
The roof is slated while the rendered chimney has a moulded cornice on its right gable-end.
In the blind window facing Butchers' Row is an octagonal clock face originally on the Northgate from about 1760 to its demolition in 1842 when it was removed to the Bluecoat School where it remained from 1842 to 1971 until it was moved to its present position in 1982.
To the left of the doorway below is the Mayor's poor box constructed of iron and dated to 1895.
Above the side benches are short galleries for ladies and the grand jury while at the North side is located tiered seating for the general public.
In front of the bench is a large table for the clerk and lawyers.
Not used as a courtroom since the 1960s, today the Chamber serves as the meeting room for Barnstaple Town Council and here take place the annual Mayor Making Ceremony and the Fair Proclamation.
On the walls of the Chamber are displayed portraits of former Mayors of Barnstaple and various other local dignitaries including local benefactor William Frederick Rock and Barnstaple-born John Gay, author of The Beggar's Opera.
Some of these were painted by the noted artist Thomas Hudson and a number were restored with funding from the National Lottery.
The beautiful carved fireplace is from the former Dodderidge House in Cross Street in Barnstaple that belonged to wealthy local merchant,  ship-owner and three times Member of Parliament for Barnstaple in 1621, 1624 and 1625, Pentecost Dodderidge, after whom the room is named.
The house was demolished in 1910 following which the fireplace was moved to a Marist Convent in the town.
In 1949 the fireplace and panelling in the room were given to the Guildhall by Alderman John Smale.
The top feature on the fireplace was carved locally and dates from 1617 and displays the initials PD and ED; PD for Pentecost Dodderidge himself and ED for his wife, Elizabeth, whom he married in 1599.
The main body of the fireplace may have been carved in London or Spain.
The Mayoral chain displayed in a cabinet in the room dates from 1872; this became the chain of the Lady Mayoress in 1911 when a new Mayor's chain was designed and created by Fred Partridge.
This new Mayor's chain was funded by donations from the descendants of former Mayors of Barnstaple and the medallions incorporate scenes from the town including the old Guildhall, the Castle Mound and Queen Anne's Walk together with representations of the old town seals and portraits of William Frederick Rock and Pentecost Dodderidge.
The display of silver includes a silver-gilt steeple cup and cover of 1589 given, according to its Latin inscription, by Richard Dodderidge, the father of Penetcost Dodderidge after whom the room is named; silver-gilt steeple cups and covers of similar design dated 1606 and 1620, the latter donated by John Penrose, after whom Penrose's Almshouses in the town are named; two silver-gilt ceremonial maces made by local goldsmith John Peard and dated 1660, replacing earlier ones made in 1425; two silver tankards from 1676 donated by Thomas Horwood, Mayor of Barnstaple in 1653; a punch bowl of 1745 donated by Thomas Benson, Member of Parliament for Barnstaple in 1749; and an 18 inch long oar c1780 signifying an Admiralty warrant for the Mayor in his capacity as Water Bailiff for the Port of Barnstaple.
It is inscribed "John Morse Esq., Mayor" on one side, and "Barnstaple Water Bailiff" on the other.
The smaller oar signifies the Admiralty warrant of Harbourmaster and would have been worn by Barnstaple's Harbourmaster like a piece of jewellery.
Also displayed in this room is a small collection of ship models made by French prisoners-of-war from the Napoleonic Wars.
Displayed here are a number of historic artifacts including an American flag donated by Barnstaple's twin town of Barnstable in Massachusetts.
Displayed on the walls are rolls of honour listing past Mayors of Barnstaple together with a number of pictures and other artifacts connected with Barnstaple's twin towns and the town's links with the Royal Family.
Demands for health regulation of its food market in Victorian times saw the construction in 1855 to 1856 of the town's Pannier Market, originally known as the Vegetable Market and designed by local architect Richard Davey Gould.
Like its sister market at nearby Bideford, the building has a high glass and timber roof on iron columns.
At  long, it runs the length of Butchers' Row from the High Street to Boutport Street.
This new building intended for the selling of vegetables was built on the site of the old meat market, with a Corn Market and Music Hall built shortly after at the Boutport Street end.
The butchers who were forced out of their meat market on the site were given new and permanent stalls just across the road in Butchers' Row.
The Pannier Market became a great success and in 1897 local historian W.F.
Gardiner wrote: "The result is that Barnstaple can to-day boast of the possession of Markets such as many a county town might well envy.
Indeed, Barum's Pannier Market is one of the finest in the Kingdom".
Before the days of supermarkets the Pannier Market was the best place to obtain daily goods, many supplied by local farmers.
Today the Pannier Market sells a wide range of goods on an almost daily basis, with occasional special days such as wedding fairs.
Built on the other side of the street at the same time as the Pannier Market, Butchers' Row consists of ten shops with pilasters of Bath Stone, and wrought iron supports to an overhanging roof.
Only one of the shops remains as a butcher.
Until his death in 2018 local naturalist Johnny Kingdom regularly had a stall at the market from which he sold signed copies of his books, DVDs and photographs of wildlife.
Marjorie Kinnan Rawlings Historic State Park is a Florida State Park and historic site located on the former homestead of Pulitzer Prize-winning Florida author Marjorie Kinnan Rawlings (1896-1953).
A National Historic Landmark, it is located in Cross Creek, Florida, between Ocala and Gainesville at 18700 South County Road 325.
The park is about  in size, but is adjacent to public lands totalling about  historically part of the Rawlings property.
A public parking area and boat ramp are located south of the house, gardens, and outbuildings of the Rawlings home.
The home is a rambling single-story wood frame structure, whose central core is a dogtrot house dating to the 19th century.
Other buildings include a pump house, barn, and a small tenant house.
Of these, only the pump house is also of 19th-century origin.
They set about enlarging and adapting the house to their use, and both developed their careers as writers.
Marjorie first achieved significant notice with stories published in Scribner's Magazine, and was awarded the Pulitzer Prize in 1939 for The Yearling.
Her writing was infused with details from the central Florida region where she made her home.
Upon her death in 1953, the property was bequeathed to a foundation of the University of Florida.
It has been managed by the state ever since, the house opening to the public in 1970.
Amenities include two short hiking trails and park employees that bring 1930s rural Florida to life with period clothing and stories.
In addition, guests are invited to pick and sample oranges from the many trees within the property.
Florida state parks are open between 8 a.m. and sundown every day of the year (including holidays).
The cost is $3 per car to enter the park.
The men's foil competition in fencing at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro was held on 7 August at the Carioca Arena 3.
The medals were presented by Paul Tergat, IOC member, Kenya and Donald Anthony Jr., Executive Board Member of FIE.
Anton Cottier (born 4 December 1943 in Jaun, Switzerland) was a Swiss politician with the Christian Democratic People's Party of Switzerland (CVP).
Anton-Moritz Cottier was the son of Albert-Roman Cottier (born 29 December 1893 in Jaun and died 4 February 1977 in Fribourg) who was a lawyer, president of the Grand Council of Fribourg, and of Lina Vonlanthen (born 29 July 1903 in St-Anton and died 19 July 1991 in Fribourg).
He married Danielle de Techtermann on 3 June 1977 in Fribourg and on 25 June 1977 in Barberêche.
Cottier was born in Jaun, the only German community in Gruyère.
He grew up bilingual in German and French.
After his legal studies at the University of Freiburg, Cottier practiced law from 1973 and joined the CVP the same year.
He served on the Great Council of the canton of Fribourg (1976-1987).
From 1987 to 2003 he served in the Senate, where he held the presidency in 2002.
From 1982 to 1991 Cottier was also on the government of the city of Freiburg as communal advisor with the Department of the Police.
During the same time he was president of HC Fribourg (now HC Fribourg-Gottéron SA) from 1977 to 1984, which he hire Canadian [Gaston Pelletier] to coach (1978-1982).
Elected to the Council of States in 1987, he presided in 2002 before retiring during the federal election in 2003.
In the senate, Cottier worked with the Parliamentary Inverstigation Commission, which was concerned with files from the Department of Justice and Police.
Cottier was also president of the Christian Democratic People's Party from 1993 to 1996.
On 3 November 2006 Cottier succumbed to cancer.
He had three children.
In a paramagnetic material, the magnetization of the material is (approximately) directly proportional to an applied magnetic field.
However, if the material is heated, this proportionality is reduced: for a fixed value of the field, the magnetization is (approximately) inversely proportional to temperature.
This relation was discovered experimentally (by fitting the results to a correctly guessed model) by Pierre Curie.
It only holds for high temperatures, or weak magnetic fields.
As the derivations below show, the magnetization saturates in the opposite limit of low temperatures, or strong fields.
Each particle has a magnetic moment given by .
So the only possible values of magnetic moment are then  and .
The formula above is known as the Langevin paramagnetic equation.
Pierre Curie found an approximation to this law which applies to the relatively high temperatures and low magnetic fields used in his experiments.
Let's see what happens to the magnetization as we specialize it to large  and small .
As temperature increases and magnetic field decreases, the argument of hyperbolic tangent decreases.
Since this calculation doesn't describe the electrons embedded deep within the Fermi surface, forbidden by the Pauli Exclusion principle to flip their spins, it does not exemplify the quantum statistics of the problem at low temperatures.
Using the Fermi-Dirac distribution, one will find that at low temperatures  is linear dependent on the magnetic field, so that the magnetic susceptibility saturates to a constant.
For this more general formula and its derivation (including high field, low temperature) see the article: Brillouin function.
As the spin approaches infinity, the formula for the magnetization approaches the classical value derived in the following section.
Similarly, the function saturates at  for large values of its argument, and the opposite limit is likewise recovered.
Zaka is a village in the Tenkodogo Department of Boulgou Province in south-eastern Burkina Faso.
As of 2005, the village has a population of 896.
Touched by an Angel: The Album is the soundtrack to the TV series Touched by an Angel.
It was released on November 3, 1998 by 550 Music.
The album peaked at number 1 on the Billboard Top Christian Albums chart, number 3 on the Top Country Albums chart and number 16 on the all-genre Billboard 200.
"Somebody's Out There Watching" by The Kinleys was released as a single, reaching number 19 on Hot Country Songs.
"Colour Everywhere" by Deana Carter also appeared on her 1999 album Everything's Gonna Be Alright.
"Testify to Love" was performed by Wynonna Judd as the character Audrey on the show's 100th episode.
The President of the Reichstag was the presiding officer of the German legislature from 1871 to 1918, under the German Empire and again from 1920 to 1945, under the Weimar Republic and Nazi Germany.
Areni Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Suceava.
It currently is the home ground of Foresta Suceava.
The stadium had a total capacity of 12,500 seats and was opened in 1963 as the Municipal Stadium.
Additionally, the stadium was also renovated between the periods 1976–1977, 1980–1982 and 2002 respectively.
After the seats were installed it holds 7,000 people.
Naughton is a village and former civil parish, now in the civil parish of Nedging-with-Naughton, in the Babergh district, in the county of Suffolk, England.
It is  north-west of Ipswich and  south-west of Stowmarket.
It was historically within the Cosford Hundred of Suffolk.
The civil parish was merged with Nedging in 1935 to create Nedging-with-Naughton.
In 1931 the civil parish had a population of 98.
Naughton is formed from the junction of two roads, the Whatfield Road which comes in from the south-west and heads north to Nedging Tye and New Road which comes in from the south-east.
St. Mary's church is a 14th-century flint built church stands at the centre of the village, just west of this junction.
There is one pub in the village, the Wheelhouse (formerly Wheeler's Arms) and dates from the 17th century.
Aishwarya Prabhakar (commonly known as Aishwarya) is an Indian television anchor and actress from Chennai, Tamil Nadu.
Aishwarya is a television anchor who does a supporting role in chandralekha Tamil serial and well known for various shows on Sun TV, including Sun Kudumbam Awards, Amul Super Kudumbam, and musical talent reality show Sun Singer.
She was also cast in the role of Draupadi in the televised version of the Mahabharatham aired weekly on Sun TV from 10am every Sunday.
Aishwarya's television career started when she went to watch her brother audition; her brother was not selected, but she was noticed in the crowd and spot-selected.
She continued her television appearances through participation in a dance-reality show hosted by Vijay TV, pairing up with Sivakarthikeyan as a finalist in season 3 of Jodi Number One.
She received further opportunities to appear as a guest host on musical reality TV shows on Vijay TV including season 2 of Airtel Super Singer Junior, and season 3 of Airtel Super Singer.
Your Friend () is the fourth studio album by Claire Kuo.
It was released on 14 May 2010 by Linfair Records.
Following the release of this album, Claire Kuo was nominated in November 2010 at the 8th South East Best Billboard Awards for the Most Popular Female Singer Award in Hong Kong and Taiwan, of which she was a finalist.
Hermann von Bönninghausen (24 July 1888 in Bocholt – 26 January 1919) was a German athlete who competed at the 1908 Summer Olympics and in the 1912 Summer Olympics.
He died after World War I due to injury by being shot in the face.
He did not advance to the semifinals.
He also participated in the long jump competition but his final ranking is unknown.
Four years later he was eliminated in the semi-finals of the 110-metre hurdles event.
Asian Dreamer  is the twenty-seventh studio album released by the jazz fusion group Casiopea in 1994.
This album features re-arranged and re-recorded versions of their originals songs with the new lineup (with Naruse for bass, Kumagai for drums) for the band after original lineup, except for the last track "Asian Dreamer".
Kerri Watt is a Scottish singer-songwriter and multi instrumentalist from Milngavie.
At age 16, she moved to California after receiving a place at a performing arts high school.
After a successful year studying in the States, she came back to the UK and moved to London to further her training in music and performing.
Kerri is best known for her single "Long Way Home", which was playlisted on BBC Radio 2 on their A List.
She performed the song on national TV on ITV's The Weekend with Aled Jones on 27 June 2015.
Also in 2015, Kerri released a remix of her song "You"  produced by Oliver Nelson.
The remix gained over 1.5 million plays online and hit the Number 1 spot on Hype Machine.
In March 2016, Kerri had more success with her follow-up single "The Wild" which was also added to the BBC Radio 2 B Playlist where it stayed for a month.
While promoting the single, she toured the UK visiting over 20 radio stations and made a live appearance on STV's Live At Five in Glasgow on 22 March 2016.
In 2015/2016 Kerri toured the UK and Europe supporting acts such as Mike And The Mechanics, Ward Thomas, Nina Nesbitt, The Overtones and Starsailor, and played festivals including Isle of Wight, Glastonbury, Secret Garden Party and Boardmasters.
On 11 and 12 July 2017 Kerri joined Embrace (English band) on stage at the Millennium Stadium to open for Coldplay on their "A Head Full Of Dreams Tour."
Kerri’s collaboration with Embrace, ‘Never’ was released as the lead single from Embrace's album the following year and was added to the BBC Radio 2 C list.
In May 2017, Kerri announced her next single, Old School Love, would be released on 7 July through East West Records, a part of Warner Music Group.
In 2018, Kerri took a step back from releasing music in order to write and record some new material in Austin, Texas with legendary Metal producer 'Machine' (Lamb of God/Clutch.)
Machine helped bring a new flavour to Kerri’s Americana influenced sound.
Kerri spent the remainder of 2018 road testing her new music around the UK at various festivals including C2C and Country Music Week and supported artists on tour including David Ramirez, Curse of Lono and Tom Speight.
At the start of 2019, Kerri signed an album deal and a publishing deal with record label Cooking Vinyl.
On 1 July Kerri announced her first single with Cooking Vinyl, Cut Me Loose, would be released on 12 July.
Her second single from her upcoming album was ‘Chasing Aeroplanes’, released on 1 November which was premiered by legendary arbiter of taste Bob Harris on his Radio 2 ‘Country Show’.
An incredible live performer with a growing reputation, this year has seen Kerri support a number of legendary artists at incredible venues including Keith Urban in London (where she additionally joined him on stage to sing Carrie Underwood’s vocal parts from his 2016 hit single ‘The Fighter’) and as special guest to Julio Iglesias at The Royal Albert Hall and Joe Jackson at The Palladium.
This summer saw her perform a mix of solo and full band shows at Glastonbury Festival, Country2Country, British Summer Time (with Celine Dion) , Kew The Music and Cambridge Folk Festival, and she recently performed at BBC Radio Scotland’s inaugural Singer/Songwriter Awards 2019.
2020 has seen Kerri continuing with live show's throughout the UK.
In January she performed at Celtic Connections in her home town of Glasgow and as a headliner at the AMAUK Americanafest Showcase in London.
Kerri released her 3rd single with Cooking Vinyl "Kissing Fools" on Feb 14th, to coincide with Valentine's Day along with a fun cinematic video inspired by her love of 90's movies.
The video also features Cody Molko (School of Rock, West End) son of Brian Molko the lead singer of Placebo.
This is a list of films where angels appear.
The Swiss Vapeur Parc is a miniature park in Le Bouveret, a village on Lac Léman, Switzerland.
It was opened on June 6, 1989, by an International Festival of Steam (therefore steam trains).
When the park opened its total surface area was 9000 m² (2.2 acres), but the park expanded and as of 2007, the park covers a surface area of 17'000 m² (or 4.2 acres).
In 1989, the park possessed only 2 locomotives (one running on benzine and one on steam).
As of 2007, the number of trains running on benzine has sextupled while the number of steam trains has increased to 9 trains.
By March 31, 2007, the Park has had 2'126'000 visitors.
Every June the park is host to the International Steam Festival.
Buddleja 'Valbud 3' (Lo & Behold series, selling name ) is a complex dwarf hybrid cultivar derived from a crossing of 'Blue Chip' and 'Miss Molly' in 2005 by Dr Dennis Werner and Layne Snelling at the Sandhills Research Station, Jackson Springs, North Carolina.
The foliage is very dense, while the inflorescences are typical of buddleja, comprising fragrant violet flowers.
The shrub is cultivated in North America and Europe.
Hardiness: USDA zones 5–7.
Nikki Symmons (born 2 August 1982) is a former Ireland women's field hockey international.
Symmons is also a former Ireland women's cricket international.
Between 2001 and 2013 Symmons made 208 appearances and scored 31 goals for Ireland.
She represented Ireland at six Women's EuroHockey Nations Championships, during three Olympic qualification campaigns and during three Women's Hockey World Cup qualification campaigns.
Symmons played in four Irish Senior Cup finals for Loreto.
In 2008–09 she was also a member of the Loreto team that won the inaugural Women's Irish Hockey League title.
In 2011 she was a member of the Loreto team that won the EuroHockey Club Champion's Challenge II.
In 2015 she was inducted into the European Hockey Federation Hall of Fame.
Since 2014 Symmons has worked in Lausanne as a Digital Manager for the International Hockey Federation.
Her parents marriage broke up when she still a baby.
Her mother subsequently remarried into a family with four children when Symmons was six.
Although initially estranged from her father, she established contact with him during her teens.
Her grandparents, Harry and Rhona Booker, were a big influence during her formative years.
During her youth, Symmons played field hockey, cricket and tennis.
She completed her secondary education at Wesley College.
Between 2002 and 2005 she attended St. Nicholas Montessori College where she gained a BA in Montessori education.
Between 2014 and 2015 Symmons completed a Master of Advanced Studies in Sports Administration and Technology at AISTS.
In 1998 she was a member of the Wesley College team that won the Leinster Schoolgirls' Senior Cup.
In the 2002 final, Symmons scored twice as Loreto drew 2–2 with Hermes before eventually winning the cup in a penalty shoot-out.
In the 2003 final, Symmons scored the winner in extra-time as Loreto defeated Cork Harlequins 3–2.
In 2010 Symmons helped Loreto win the Irish Senior Cup for a third time.
In the final she scored twice as Loreto drew 2–2 with Railway Union before eventually winning the cup in another penalty shoot-out.
Other members of the Loreto team included Nicola Daly, Lizzie Colvin, Hannah Matthews and Alison Meeke.
Symmons and Loreto were finalists again in 2012 but this time lost 3–2 against UCD.
In 2008 Symmons was a member of the Loreto team that finished as runners-up to Hermes in the All-Ireland Club Championship.
In 2008–09, together with Hannah Matthews, Lizzie Colvin and Alison Meeke, she was a member of the Loreto team that won the inaugural Women's Irish Hockey League title.
She was also a member of the Loreto teams that finished as league runners-up in 2011–12 and 2012–13.
Symmons also won European honours with Loreto.
In 2011 she was a member of the Loreto team that won the EuroHockey Club Champion's Challenge II, scoring in the final as they defeated HC Olten of Switzerland 7–1.
Symmons had represented Ireland at Under-16, Under-18 and Under-21 level before making her senior debut against Wales in 2001.
She subsequently represented Ireland at six Women's EuroHockey Nations Championships, during three Olympic qualification campaigns and during three Women's Hockey World Cup qualification campaigns.
On 3 May 2008 Symmons made her 100th senior appearance for Ireland against Italy at the 2008 Women's Field Hockey Olympic Qualifier.
On 19 June 2011 she made her 150th senior appearance against Azerbaijan at the 2011 Women's Hockey Champions Challenge I.
On 22 June 2013 she made her 200th senior appearance in a 3–2 defeat against Canada.
On 24 August 2013 Symmons made her 208th and final appearance for Ireland against Scotland at the 2013 Women's EuroHockey Nations Championship.
In 2015 Symmons was inducted into the European Hockey Federation Hall of Fame.
She was honoured during a half-time ceremony at the 2015 Men's EuroHockey Nations Championship final.
Symmons was Ireland's most capped women's field hockey international until she was overtaken by Shirley McCay in 2015.
In 2008 she was teaching and coaching at Notre Dame Des Missions.
In 2009 and 2010 she worked with the Leinster U-16 Girls squad.
During the 2011–12 season she coached Three Rock Ladies II to promotion from the Leinster Women's Division Five to Division Four.
She also guided them to a win in a Division Five/Six Cup title.
During the 2012–13 season she coached a Glenanne Ladies team that included Mary Waldron in the Leinster Women's Division One.
She also coached at St. Andrew's College.
In 2014 Symmons was also a coach on the RTÉ programme Ireland's Fittest Family.
Her Pembroke teammates included Mary Waldron and Kim Garth.
She subsequently played four Women's One Day International matches and three Women's Twenty20 International matches during the series.
On 6 October 2010 she made her WODI debut against Pakistan.
On 14 October 2010 she made her WT20I against Sri Lanka.
On 16 October 2010 she scored 86 off 48 balls in a WT20I win against the Netherlands.
She is based at the FIH headquarters in Lausanne, Switzerland.
She came out to family members when she was 21.
In October 2014 Symmons spoke publicly about being gay for the first time.
She appeared on the RTÉ2 programme Second Captains Live, taking part in a discussion on homosexuality in modern sports along with Shane Horgan and Donal Óg Cusack.
Events from the year 1680 in art.
Engine Company No.
3 is located in Hoboken, Hudson County, New Jersey, United States.
The firehouse was designed by Fagan & Briscoe and was built in 1915.
The firehouse was added to the National Register of Historic Places on March 30, 1984.
The firehouse serves as the headquarters for the Hoboken Fire Department, but houses no fire companies.
Renée Gertrude Taylor  (born 1929), known mononymously as Renée, is a New Zealand feminist writer and playwright.
Renée is of Māori (Ngāti Kahungunu), Irish, English, and Scottish ancestry, and has described herself as a "lesbian feminist with socialist working-class ideals".
She wrote her first play, Setting the Table, in 1981.
Many of her plays have been published, with extracts included in Intimate Acts, a collection of lesbian plays published by Brito and Lair, New York.
She attended Greenmeadows School in Hawke's Bay.
I liked school.
I got a lot of approval there.
Except when it came to sport.
I was uninterested.
I preferred to read...My interest in theatre started at school.
They used to have a concert every year.
The first half would be items by individuals or groups and the second half would be a play.
I was in two or three plays and I loved it.
I loved being someone else even if it was only for a short time.
Renée left school at the age of 12 to work in the local woollen mills and then a printing factory.
In 1979, Renée completed a Bachelor of Arts at Auckland University.
Completed over ten years, much of her B.A.
was gained through extramural study from Massey University.
She opened the door with a bang, not with a whimper and many of us followed.
It was time.
Someone needed to do it.
Renée had the guts.
Renée began writing short stories, reviews and humorous columns for newspapers when her three children were young.
She also began acting in the Napier Repertory Theatre.
For twenty years she directed plays for a number of theatrical groups and schools in the Hawke's Bay area.
Renee's attendance at the United Women's Convention in Wellington in 1975 was an important experience.
The convention enabled her to recognise that "...a lot of the things I thought and felt resentful about were things other women thought and felt too."
A feminist perspective became an important part of her theatre work and writing from that point onwards.
In 1979, Renée relocated to Auckland to complete her B.A.
at the University of Auckland.
During this time, she worked as a cleaner at Auckland's Theatre Corporate.
Six years later, she returned to Theatre Corporate as Playwright in Residence.
Following her graduation, Renée worked at a secondary school teaching English and Drama.
Renée began writing her first play Setting The Table on New Year's Day in 1981, the first draft of which was completed in five days.
In a 1982 interview with New Zealand feminist magazine Broadsheet, Renée said she “wanted to write a play that showed women as intelligent, humourous and strong.
Renée was invited to attend the First International Women Playwrights Conference in New York in October 1988.
She was one of three keynote speakers.
She also attended the Pacific Writers Conference in London and took part of in a reading tour of Britain and Europe.
Renée has been described as "one of the 'first wave' of waahine playwrights" whose representation of female characters showed the complexity of Māori women’s lives and more accurately represented their varied life experiences.
Even though I don’t understand the language, I feel at home.
But I also feel that because of my upbringing, I’ll always be an outsider in both worlds.
It’s got a lot to do with class, too – my roots are rural.
Sometimes I feel alienated from the European world, and sometimes from the Māori world; because I sometimes feel inadequate in both of them.
Renée chose to use only her first name as her professional name "simply because it was the name her mother gave her, and the only one she really felt was hers."
Of this decision she has said, "I didn't realise I was making a political statement but that's how it is seen, I think."
Some of Renée's best known plays form a trilogy, beginning with Wednesday to Come (1985) which shows the effect on a family of the 1930s Great Depression in New Zealand.
The characters in Wednesday to Come include three generations of women in one family.
Pass It On (1986) follows the two children in Wednesday to Come now that they have grown up and married.
It celebrates the role of working class women in the 1951 New Zealand waterfront dispute.
Jeannie Once (1991), is a prequel to Wednesday to Come in that it focusses on the past of Wednesday to Come'''s Granna and her life as a seamstress in Victorian Dunedin.
One of the characters in Jeannie Once is a Māori servant, Martha, who ends up being committed to an asylum.
Jeannie Once features elements of Music Hall.
In October 2017, Renée published a memoir entitled These Two Hands, published by Mākaro Press.
This is a list of political parties in Switzerland.
Switzerland has a multi-party system.
Since 1959, the four largest parties have formed a coalition government, according to a  or "magic formula".
This arithmetic formula divides the seven cabinet seats among representatives of the four largest parties.
For their names in the 4 national languages of Switzerland, see #Names in the national languages below.
Anthony J. Sattilaro (1931-1989) was an American physician and promoter of macrobiotics as a cancer cure.
He was diagnosed at the age 49 with prostate cancer with multiple bone metastases.
In his book Recalled from Life (1982), he described how macrobiotics had cured his prostate cancer.
He stated that a follow up examination revealed complete resolution of metastatic bone lesions.
Sattilaro went on publicity tours and he appeared in magazines and talk shows.
In Living Well Naturally (1984), he made the mistaken claim that a macrobiotic diet had put his prostate cancer into permanent remission.
In 1989 he died from prostate cancer that his books claimed he had been cured of.
According to William T. Jarvis "he eventually died of his disease, but this fact was not mentioned in the macrobiotic press."
Kamlung Mossang is an Indian politician from the state of Arunachal Pradesh.
Mossang was elected from Miao seat in the 2014 Arunachal Pradesh Legislative Assembly election, standing as a Congress candidate.
In terms of educational qualification, he is a graduate (B.A.).
Mossang was one of 6 MLAs along with Chief Minister Pema Khandu to be suspended by the PPA for anti-party activities.
The Samuel Curtis Johnson Graduate School of Management is the graduate business school in the SC Johnson College of Business at Cornell University, a private Ivy League university located in Ithaca, New York.
It was founded in 1946 and renamed in 1984 after Samuel Curtis Johnson, founder of S.C. Johnson & Son, following his family's $20 million endowment gift to the school in his honor—at the time, the largest gift to any business school in the world.
The school is housed in Sage Hall and supports 58 full-time faculty members.
There are about 600 Master of Business Administration (MBA) students in the full-time two-year (2Y) and Accelerated MBA (1Y) programs and 375 Executive MBA students.
The school counts over 15,200 alumni and publishes the academic journal Administrative Science Quarterly.
University co-founder Ezra Cornell proposed a Department of Trade and Commerce for the new university, which was "a radical departure from the day's conventional notions about higher education," as this proposal was made "sixteen years before Joseph Wharton endowed the nation's first collegiate business school at the University of Pennsylvania."
At a university faculty meeting on October 2, 1868, Cornell co-founder and first president Andrew Dickson White, suggested the creation of a professorship in bookkeeping in the context of a larger proposal: the creation of a "commercial college."
In the meantime, the Agriculture College continued to have a Department of Agricultural Economics and the Arts College continued to have a Department of Economics.
Formal movements towards a business school began in 1914 when faculty in the NYS College of Agriculture (which today offers an undergraduate business major) convened the first meeting of the "Committee on a Commercial College."
Led by economics professor Allyn Young, the committee recommended the creation of a "two-year graduate course leading to the Master's degree" in both business and public administration.
Young had been trained at Harvard University, and the influence on the committee's discussion of its business school's creation only six years prior was apparent, as the committee's recommendations included instruction for graduate students only, selectivity in admissions, and integration into the larger university community.
The idea of a business school took a backseat to World War I and its effects on the Cornell population.
Following the Armistice of 1918, third university president Jacob Gould Schurman called for the establishment of such a school, which he estimated would require $1 million of initial funding.
However, financial difficulties surrounding the Great Depression would further delay its creation.
In 1941, the university faculty recommended the creation of a School of Business and Public Administration, and it was unanimously approved on December 10, 1941, three days after the attack on Pearl Harbor.
Cornell courted Paul M. O'Leary, who earned his doctorate at Cornell and was a member of Franklin D. Roosevelt's "brain trust," to be dean of the new school.
O'Leary leveraged an offer to be dean of the business school at the University of Minnesota in negotiations for the Cornell position, ultimately signing for a salary of $9,000.
In 1946, Cornell University opened the School of Business and Public Administration, holding classes in McGraw Hall and charging $200 for tuition for the first year.
The school awarded two degrees—MBA and MPA—and its primary national recruiters included the Guaranty Trust Company of New York, Eastman Kodak, DuPont, General Electric, AT&T, and IBM.
In 1950 it gained acceptance of the Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business.
O'Leary stepped down as dean of the business school in 1951 to become dean of the College of Arts and Sciences.
Melvin G. deChazeau was appointed acting dean until 1954, when Edward H. Litchfield became dean.
Under Lichfield's tenure, a Ph.D. program was established, the academic journal Administrative Science Quarterly was created, a joint JD/MBA program with the Law School was organized, and the school was renamed the Graduate School of Business and Public Administration.
Litchfield left three years later for the chancellorship at the University of Pittsburgh and was replaced by C. Stewart Sheppard in 1957, followed by William D. Carmichael in 1962.
In 1964, the school was relocated to Malott Hall, which was specifically designed to house it.
During this period faculty divisions began to emerge, with three distinct groups vying for resources: business management, public administration, and healthcare administration (the Sloan Program).
In 1983, the faculty voted to end instruction in the latter two fields and to change the school's name to the Graduate School of Management.
The public administration program moved to the NYS College of Human Ecology.
That same year, the school began offering a dual-degree MBA/MA in Asian Studies with Cornell's FALCON (Full-year Asian Language Concentration) program, to produce American MBAs with some knowledge of the Japanese language and culture gained through coursework in Ithaca and a required summer internship in Japan.
The school also created an MBA/MEng, originally called the Program in Manufacturing Management (PIMM).
At the same time, Curtis W. Tarr was appointed the dean of the school.
In 1984, Samuel Curtis Johnson, Jr. and his family donated $20 million to the school, which was renamed the S.C. Johnson Graduate School of Management in honor of Johnson's grandfather, Samuel Curtis Johnson, Sr., the founder of S.C. Johnson & Son, Inc.
The endowment gift to the university was, at the time, the largest gift to any business school in the world.
In 1989, Alan G. Merten was appointed dean of the Johnson School.
The year 1995 saw the creation of the Johnson School's first website, as well as the launch of its first 12-month option class.
Merten left in 1996 to be President of George Mason University.
In 1998, the school was relocated to the newly renovated Sage Hall which had previously served as a dormitory, the school started the student-managed Cayuga MBA Fund, and the Parker Center for Investment Research was established.
In 1999, the JGSM began offering an Executive MBA.
In 2004, the Center for Sustainable Global Enterprise was established.
L. Joseph Thomas was appointed interim dean in 2007 and eventually the official dean in 2008.
In Fall 2010, the school was rebranded in logo and in name: the Samuel Curtis Johnson Graduate School of Management at Cornell University, or simply Johnson at Cornell University or Johnson.
In 2011, Johnson hosted Facebook-sponsored 3-Day Startup (3DS), an event where participants worked to start a technology company over the course of three days.
Later that year, a Johnson team consisting of student portfolio managers in the school's $10 million Cayuga MBA Fund won second place in CNBC's "MBA Face-Off" edition of its Million Dollar Portfolio Challenge, a nine-week, real-time fantasy stock and currency trading competition.
In 2012, Soumitra Dutta became dean of the school, followed by Mark W. Nelson in 2016 after Dutta became dean of the new Cornell College of Business.
In 2016, the Johnson School was placed under the same umbrella as other Cornell schools - the Charles H. Dyson School of Applied Economics and Management in the NYS College of Agriculture and Life Sciences and the Cornell University School of Hotel Administration - in the newly created College of Business that boasts nearly 3,000 students and 220 faculty - creating the country's third-largest business school faculty.
In January 2017, Herbert Fisk Johnson III of S. C. Johnson & Son committed $150 million for the newly formed College of Business.
In recognition of this gift, the college was named the Cornell SC Johnson College of Business.
It is located near the center of Cornell's main campus, across the street from the Cornell School of Hotel Administration and the four-diamond Statler Hotel.
Inside Sage are a management library, a café, an atrium, classrooms, an executive lounge, a trading floor, student and faculty lounges, and a parlor.
There are 38 breakout rooms and two phone booths.
The building also has showers, shoe shining, and out-service dry cleaning.
Offices are provided for all faculty and doctoral students, and MBA students are all assigned a locker.
The Boas Trading Room has technology providing real-time stock quotes, international data feeds, and financial analysis software and data valued at more than $1.8 million per year in licensing fees.
In 2015, the City of Ithaca's Planning board approved the construction of a six-story office/classroom building to rise at 209-215 Dryden Road in Collegetown, Ithaca that will house the Samuel Curtis Johnson Graduate School of Management upon completion.
The business school will also utilize classrooms and offices at Cornell's Roosevelt Island campus upon completion of construction.
Unlike other MBA programs whose mandatory courses occupy the entire first year, Johnson utilizes an intense first-semester core model, allowing students to engage in an immersion (concentration) and specialize before interviewing for summer internships.
Students who do not have a business background before matriculating at Johnson may attend a week-long MBA math boot camp to get up to speed, and orientation consists of a two-week leadership course that culminates in the Johnson Outdoor Experience (JOE), a two-day adventure-based activity in the Finger Lakes foothills.
For the Class of 2018, the number of applications jumped from 1,704 to 1,960, a 13.1% increase over the previous year.
Overall, the program enrolled 284 students, up from 274 for the previous class.
Despite this increase, the program is harder to get into, with the acceptance rate dropping from 32.4% to 27.3%.
Entrance statistics for the Class of 2018 include an average score of 700 on the GMAT and a median of five years of work experience.
The student body is international and diverse, with 38% of students holding citizenship outside the United States.
Women comprise 31% of the Class of 2018.
The core curriculum consists of one semester, divided into two halves.
The first half focuses primarily on the internal aspects of the company and includes the courses Managing and Leading in Organizations 1, Microeconomics for Management, Financial Accounting, and Marketing Management.
The first half then culminates in the Marketing Case Competition, sponsored by S.C. Johnson & Son.
The second semester focuses on the external aspects and includes the courses Statistics for Management, Managerial Finance, and Strategy.
This half culminates each year in the Integrative Case Competition, sponsored by Citi.
The elective curriculum can be chosen from over 80 courses within Johnson and over 4,000 offered across the Cornell campus.
Within Johnson, the diverse selection includes courses such as Applied Portfolio Management, Behavioral Finance, Estate Planning, Power and Politics, Corporate Social Responsibility, Strategy & Tactics of Pricing, Entrepreneurship & Private Equity, Six-Sigma Quality & Process Implementation, and International Mergers and Acquisitions.
Johnson students are allowed to matriculate in graduate-level courses in any Cornell college, including Cornell Law School, Cornell School of Hotel Administration, NYS School of Industrial & Labor Relations, and Cornell College of Engineering.
Elective curriculum students can also complete a field study or independent student research project instead of a class.
Field studies allow students to work together in a team closely with faculty members to launch a product, develop new businesses, or research a real-world issue.
Independent student research projects provide an opportunity for a student to work with a faculty member to develop deep insights on a particular topic of interest.
These options allow students to create a second-year curriculum that is aligned with their personal and professional interests.
MBA students at Johnson are graded on a curve, with fixed grade point averages set at 3.3 for core courses and 3.5 for electives.
In most courses, the grade consists of roughly 10% class participation, 10 percent individual case assignments, 40 percent exams, and 40 percent team presentations or papers.
To graduate, students must have grade point averages of at least 2.7 overall and 2.5 in core courses.
If a student drops below or near these thresholds, he or she receives an academic warning.
The student is offered help in the form of academic counseling and tutors to improve academic performance.
For the Class of 2016, 94 percent of students had job offers at graduation, with compensation packages including a $121,000 annual salary and a $30,000 signing bonus, on average.
Immersions consist of interrelated electives, several site visits to regional companies, and live cases.
For Depth, these include consulting, entrepreneurship, leadership & ethics, global business management, and sustainable global enterprise.
For Breadth, these are corporate finance, financial investing, financial analysis, marketing analytics, marketing management, private equity, and strategy.
AMBAs begin in May and graduate in May of the following year.
AMBAs finish their core in the summer and join the second year MBAs in the fall.
About 12 percent of the student body chooses to enroll in a dual degree program.
The MBA/JD program has 3- and 4-year tracks, and the MBA/MPS program is for those who want to specialize in real estate.
The MBA/MILR is a 2 1/2 program and has been termed the "crown jewel for aspiring human resources professionals."
Johnson also has MBA exchange programs with 21 universities in Europe, Asia, and Latin America.
For 2019, national rankings of Johnson's MBA program include #9 by Forbes, #10 for 2018 by Bloomberg BusinessWeek, and #14 by U.S. News and World Report.
Additionally, the Aspen Institute, which until Spring 2012 ranked institutions on how well schools incorporate issues concerning social and environmental stewardship into the curriculum, ranked Johnson #8 worldwide for 2011.
Similarly, Bloomberg BusinessWeek ranked Johnson #2 for MBA specialty in sustainability in 2013.
Recently, Poets&Quants included Johnson in its list of 10 Business Schools to Watch in 2017.
Clubs within Johnson range in interest from entrepreneurship to wine tasting to international affairs to skiing.
The clubs invite speakers to campus, organize trips, social events, and help to form bonds between students of similar interests.
In 2009, Johnson's chapter of Net Impact hosted the organization's annual conference, where GE CEO Jeff Immelt was the keynote speaker.
Johnson students are represented to faculty/administration by an elected Student Council, and many students choose to take part in intramurals.
Basketball, flag football, volleyball, soccer, and hockey are the main intramural sports that are offered.
Many students also take part in not-for-credit Physical Education courses through the university, taking classes in sail boating, fencing, massage therapy, horseback riding, and squash.
The rigorous schedule of classwork is often tempered by high energy social functions and perennial events such as the Immersion Olympics and Johnson Prom.
Every Thursday afternoon, the entire Johnson student body and faculty also enjoy a catered and themed social called Sage Social.
Secondary fields offered by Johnson include behavioral science, managerial economics, and quantitative analysis; however, students may select a minor concentration outside of Johnson if desired.
The program is small, with about 40 students in residence at any given time.
Students are provided a full tuition waiver, a stipend, and health insurance.
The doctoral program takes at least four years to complete, and the average time spent is five years.
Students' first examination, admission to candidacy, is taken at or near the conclusion formal course work (typically following year three).
This examination ascertains competence in students' chosen field and is administered in written and oral components.
The second examination is a thesis defense, which is administered once the dissertation is complete.
For 2010, Johnson's Ph.D. program was ranked #1 for experimental financial accounting.
For finance, Johnson's Ph.D. program was ranked #6 according to a 2006 study.
This program uses a traditional classroom setting at the Cornell Tech campus located on Roosevelt Island.
Classes are held every other weekend, all day Saturday and Sunday morning, in addition to four residential sessions on the Cornell University campus.
The program duration is 22 months.
For 2010, Johnson's Executive MBA program was ranked #24 worldwide by Financial Times.
In 2005, Johnson launched the Cornell Executive MBA Americas program (originally called the Cornell-Queens Executive MBA program) in partnership with Queen's University in Kingston, Ontario.
This program organizes participants into teams of 6-8 people in cities across the US, Canada, and Latin America, linking these teams via multi-point, interactive video conferencing for class sessions.
Classes are typically held three Saturdays per month, in addition to three residence sessions on the Cornell and Queen's university campuses.
Graduates earn two MBAs, one from each institution, and the program duration is 17 months.
In September 2016, Weill Cornell Medicine and the Samuel Curtis Johnson Graduate School of Management announced a new dual-degree program that will provide the next generation of health care leaders with a broad set of skills for success in a rapidly changing environment.
Students participating in the two-year  Healthcare Leadership program will receive a Master of Science degree from the Weill Cornell Graduate School of Medical Sciences and an MBA from Johnson.
The program will focus on health care throughout the United States, in particular, health care systems that are experiencing vast changes in structure, payment, and regulatory requirements.
Program duration is 20 months (with breaks), consisting of two semesters per year (fall and spring).
You will take courses for ten weekends per semester at the Weill Cornell Medicine campus in New York City.
In addition to formal education programs, Johnson offers tailored executive education training sessions, both on- and off-campus.
Johnson's interdisciplinary centers include the Center for Leadership, the Center for Manufacturing Enterprise, the Center for Sustainable Global Enterprise and the Parker Center for Investment Research.
The Center for Sustainable Global Enterprise promotes various sustainability issues and enables students to have greater insights and knowledge in working for sustainability developments and causes.
The Emerging Markets Institute promotes scholarship on innovation and corporate social responsibility in emerging markets through research, course offerings, and a student fellows program.
Johnson publishes top-tier academic journal Administrative Science Quarterly (ASQ).
For 2007, ASQ had the highest "article influence score" according to Eigenfactor, and it was ranked as the #16 academic journal in business by Financial Times.
Since 2001, Johnson has also hosted its annual MBA Stock Pitch Challenge (SPC), a 12-hour competition in which teams of finance students from twelve top MBA programs prepare and present buy/hold/sell recommendations and vigorously defend them.
The names of the winning schools are inscribed on the Jack M. Ferraro Trophy.
The winningest school is Kellogg, which has claimed first place three times (2004, 2005, 2006).
The most recent winner is Chicago Booth (2010).
The Emerging Markets Institute was founded in 2010 to investigate the role of emerging markets in the global economy, and to educate current and future business leaders in this area.
"The Institute brings together preeminent practitioners and academics from around the world to develop the next generation of global business leaders and create the premier research center on the role of emerging markets in the global economy."
Popular favorites among the students include Risa Mish  and recently retired Nate Peck.
Alumni include Kraft Foods CEO Irene Rosenfeld (Ph.D. '80), Aetna CEO Mark Bertolini (MBA '84), Silicon Valley venture capitalist Mary Meeker (MBA '86), Ocean Spray CEO Randy Papadellis (MBA), co-founder of PeopleSoft David Duffield (MBA '62), Strategy& Middle East Chairman Joe Saddi (MBA '83), former Chevron CEO Ken Durr (MBA '60), former Cargill CEO Warren Staley (MBA '67), former CEO of Emerson Charles F. Knight (MBA '59), former Applied Materials CEO James C. Morgan (MBA '63), Rock and Roll Hall of Fame President Terry C. Stewart (MBA '72), Sprint Nextel CEO Dan Hesse (MBA '77), BP CFO Byron Grote (Ph.D. '81), Comcast CIO Andrew Baer (MBA '82), S.C. Johnson & Son CEO Fisk Johnson (MBA '84), Nancy Schlichting (MBA '79), CEO of Detroit's Henry Ford Hospital, Brett Keller (MBA '97), CEO of Priceline.com and Anne Chow (MBA '90), 1st female CEO of AT&T Business.
Johnson graduates are represented in academia and government by Robert S. Kaplan (Ph.D. '68), HBS professor, former Dean of the Tepper School of Business at Carnegie Mellon, and co-creator of the balanced scorecard; Robert Sullivan (M.S.
'68), Dean of the Rady School of Management at UC San Diego; Ned C. Hill (Ph.D. '76), 7th Dean of the Marriott School of Management at Brigham Young University; and John Hillen (EMBA '04), former Assistant Secretary of State.
Fictional alumni include Christina Pagniacci, portrayed by Cameron Diaz, in Any Given Sunday and Alicia Mendoza in Grand Hotel.
KNND (1400 AM) is a radio station licensed to serve Cottage Grove, Oregon, United States.
The station, which began broadcasting in 1953, is currently owned by Cameron Reiten, through licensee Reiten Communications, LLC.
From October 2007 to January 2014, KNND had broadcast an oldies music format that relied on The True Oldies Channel hosted by Scott Shannon and distributed by Citadel Media.
KNND also airs a local morning show, specialty block programming, community talk programming, and select sporting events of local interest.
Weekend specialty programming includes a Saturday-morning one-hour program for horse enthusiasts called The Horse Show, a two-hour Saturday-morning "Polka Party" hosted by John Klobas, three hours of cowboy poetry and western music each Sunday afternoon on The Cowboy Culture Center with Dallas McCord, and a three-hour Gospel music show called Sunday Morning Light.
KNND also broadcasts high school football games and select other sporting events featuring the Cottage Grove High School Lions as a member of the Table Rock Sports Network.
KNND is also a member of the Oregon State University Beavers football radio network.
The construction permit originally bore the call letters KCTG, but they were changed to KSGA before going on air July 26, 1953.
The station was authorized to broadcast with 250 watts of power on a frequency of 1400 kHz and under the leadership of company president W. Gordon Allen.
(It was the second station Allen had started in less than a year with those call letters; he had sold the first, in Redmond, in March 1953 and had the KSGA call letters transferred to what was KCTG.)
Coast Fork Broadcasting was sold to Orlo M. and Thelma Bagley in a deal that was consummated on June 1, 1954.
The new owners had the FCC change the call sign again, this time to KOMB.
The Bagleys changed the name of the license holding company to Radio Station KOMB, Inc., in 1956, and Milton Viken joined the staff as the station's chief engineer.
In 1959, the owners applied for a new call sign and the station was assigned KNND by the FCC on August 26, 1960.
In 1962, Ryan changed the name of the company to Radio Station KNND, Inc., to match the new call letters.
That same year, the FCC issued the station a new construction permit to upgrade its daytime signal to 1,000 watts while broadcasting with 250 watts of power at night.
KNND would begin broadcasting at the newly authorized power levels in 1963.
Chief engineer Milton A. Viken purchased the station and, by 1966, had changed the name of the company to Radio Station KNND & KRKT, Inc., to reflect its duopoly status.
Also in 1966, the station was playing as much as 12 hours of country & western music each week.
Reflecting the growth of the company, Viken transferred the broadcast license for KNND to the Interstate Broadcasting Company in 1968.
KNND aired Major League Baseball games as an affiliate of the Seattle Pilots during their only year of existence, 1969, before the team went bankrupt and was reborn in 1970 as the Milwaukee Brewers.
The Stiles programmed a mix of country & western and contemporary music.
This ownership would prove short-lived as on April 1, 1974, the station was sold to KTOB, Inc., who brought in a middle of the road music format.
This too was a short-term change as the station was sold again, this time to Thornton Pfleger, Inc., in a transaction consummated on December 1, 1976.
The new owners maintained the MOR format through the end of the 1970s.
The deal was approved by the FCC on November 28, 1988, and the transaction was consummated on December 3, 1988.
In October 1998, the FCC granted KNND a new construction permit to change the location of its transmitter, make changes to its antenna system, and reduce the power of both its daytime and nighttime signals to 950 watts.
In January 2005, Thornton Pfleger, Inc., reached an agreement to sell this station to Paul Henry Schwartzberg doing business as Schwartzberg Communications, Inc., for a reported cash price of $300,000.
The deal was approved by the FCC on March 11, 2005, and the transaction was consummated on May 2, 2005.
At the time of the sale, KNND broadcast a country music format.
The station flipped from its former country music format to a syndicated oldies music format from ABC Radio (now known as Citadel Media) in October 2007.
On January 1, 2014, KNND changed their format to classic country.
Schwartzberg Communications sold KNND to Reiten Communications, LLC, effective December 23, 2014, at a price of $173,250.
The Will Rogers Awards honor "the best and brightest in all facets of contemporary cowboy heritage" and recognize "outstanding talent, craftsmanship, and artistry in those who exemplify the cowboy way of life".
Jonathan Niles Havelock was a Cabinet Minister from Alberta, Canada.
Jon Havelock was elected as the Progressive Conservative Association of Alberta member for Calgary Shaw in the 1993 Alberta general election after the former member of the riding Jim Dinning, switched ridings to Calgary Fish Creek.
He was re-elected in 1997 and held the Justice Minister and Attorney General cabinet portfolios.
He retired from politics in 2001.
In addition to being a provincial MLA, Havelock has served on Calgary Municipal council as a school board trustee and an Alderman.
He currently serves as President of Strategic Relations Inc.
Slowdive is the debut EP by the English rock band Slowdive.
It was released in 1990 by record label Creation.
In his retrospective review, Andy Kellman of AllMusic wrote "Slowdive's first release is their weakest effort, but it's still a good cluster of somnambulist soundscapes and inert sonic haze.
They were definitely falling toward a mood-over-song structure at this point."
pHinn (a.k.a.
Erkki Rautio) of Tampere, Finland is the founder and Webmaster of pHinnWeb, a WWW site dedicated to Finnish electronic music, techno music, avantgarde, experimental music, rave culture and underground culture.
pHinn also works as a DJ, occasionally as a freelance writer, is an outsider artist creating surrealism/pop art-influenced collage art, and is alongside Mike Not the member of electro music act Kompleksi where he sings, writes lyrics and music.
He has also a run a small CD-R label called pHinnMilk Recordings (2001-).
In 1999 German De:Bug techno magazine featured pHinn in its "E-Mail Legends" series.
The City magazine of Tampere chose pHinn in 2001 as "The Best Underground Man of Tampere" and in 2007 Aamulehti chose pHinn as "The Best DJ of Tampere".
pHinn has also written and co-directed, with musician Janne Perttula (Heroin and Your Veins, UltraNoir), a film noir-inspired short movie called Kirje ("The Letter", 2015).
Its purpose is to spread information on electronic music, techno music, avantgarde, experimental music and independent music in Finland; of artists, record labels, clubs and so on.
The peculiar spelling of pHinnWeb's name is a reference to acid house culture where "f" was often spelled as "ph" or "pH".
pHinnWeb is also concerned with underground culture and arts in Finland and around the world.
Among some of the non-Finnish artists featured at pHinnWeb one might mention, for example, Chicks on Speed and Jonathan Saul Kane.
As part of its activities, pHinnWeb runs an English-language electronic mailing list on Yahoo!
Groups.
The following radio stations broadcast on AM frequency 1300 kHz: The Federal Communications Commission classifies 1300 AM as a Regional broadcast frequency.
See List of broadcast station classes.
The 2018–19 High Point Panthers women's basketball team represents High Point University during the 2018–19 NCAA Division I women's basketball season.
The Panthers, led by seventh-year head coach DeUnna Hendrix, play their home games at the Millis Athletic Convocation Center as members of the Big South Conference.
They finished the season 22–9, 15–3 in Big South play to finish in second place.
They lost in the quarterfinals of the Big South Women's Tournament to Charleston Southern.
They advanced to the semifinals of the Big South Women's Tournament where they lost 78-54 to eventual champion Liberty.
In 2017–18, Bockrath ranked first in the conference in steals per game in conference play (2.7), fifth in points (14.1), sixth in field goal percentage (43.2%), and seventh in rebounds (6.6).
Longtime AAU teammate Shea Morgan was named to the All-Big South Second Team.
The Panthers were picked to finish second in the Big South Conference, behind Radford.
The Headwater Diversion Plan was an Arab League plan to divert two of the three sources of the Jordan River, and prevent them from flowing into the Sea of Galilee, in order to thwart Israel's plans to use the water of the Hasbani and Banias in its National Water Carrier project for out of Basin irrigation.
The plan was approved by the Arab League in 1964 but Israel prevented the project's development by conducting airstrikes in Syrian territory in April 1967.
The Plan was accepted by the technical committees from both Israel and the Arab League.
A discussion in the Knesset in July 1955 ended without a vote.
The Arab Experts Committee approved the plan in September 1955 and referred it for final approval to the Arab League Council.
On 11 October 1955, the Council voted not to ratify the plan, due to the League's opposition to formal recognition of Israel.
After the Suez Crisis of 1956 however, the Arab states (with the exception of Jordan) considerably hardened their position against Israel, and now opposed the plan, arguing that by strengthening its economy the plan would increase the potential threat from Israel.
The Arab leadership also argued that the increase to Israel's water supply would encourage the immigration of more Jewish settlers, thus reducing the possibility of repatriation for Palestinian refugees of the 1948 war.
Two civil engineering projects were completed successfully; the diversion of water from the Jordan River (1.7 million cubic metres in a day) at Eshed Kinrot, carried by the Israeli National Water Carrier from 1955 to 1964 and the Jordanian construction of the East Ghor Canal (now known as the King Abdullah Canal) from 1957 to 1966.
Their resolution stated:  The establishment of Israel is the basic threat that the Arab nation in its entirety has agreed to forestall.
And Since the existence of Israel is a danger that threatens the Arab nation, the diversion of the Jordan waters by it multiplies the dangers to Arab existence.
Accordingly, the Arab states have to prepare the plans necessary for dealing with the political, economic and social aspects, so that if necessary results are not achieved, collective Arab military preparations, when they are not completed, will constitute the ultimate practical means for the final liquidation of Israel.
The Arab and North African states chose to divert the Jordan headwaters rather than to use direct military intervention.
The second option was selected.
The scheme was only marginally feasible, was technically difficult and expensive.
Arab political considerations were cited to justify the diversion scheme.
Syria began its part of the overall Arab diversion plan with the construction of the Banias to Yarmouk canal in 1965, with financing from Egypt and Saudi Arabia.
Once completed, the diversion of the flow would have transported the water into a dam at Mukhaiba for use by Jordan and Syria and prevent the water from reaching the Sea of Galilee.
Lebanon also started a canal to divert the waters of the Hasbani, whose source is in Lebanon, into the Banias.
The Hasbani and Banias diversion works would have had the effect of reducing the capacity of the Israeli carrier from the Sea of Galilee by about 35% and Israel's overall water supply by about 11%.
Additionally, it would have increased the salinity of the Sea of Galilee by 60 ppm.
Israel declared that it would regard such diversion as an infringement of its sovereign rights.
Israel exploited the DMZ incidents as pretexts for bombing the diversion project, culminating in air strikes deep in Syrian territory in April 1967.
Thomas H. "Boston" Corbett (1832 – presumed dead c. September 1, 1894) was a Union Army soldier who shot and killed President Abraham Lincoln's assassin, John Wilkes Booth.
Corbett was initially arrested for disobeying orders, but was later released on the orders of Secretary of War Edwin Stanton, who referred to Corbett as "the patriot" upon dismissing him.
He was largely considered a hero by the media and the public.
Known for his devout religious beliefs and eccentric behavior, Corbett drifted around the United States before disappearing around 1888.
Circumstantial evidence suggests that he died in the Great Hinckley Fire in September 1894, but that remains impossible to substantiate.
The Corbetts moved frequently before eventually settling in Troy, New York.
As a young man, Corbett began apprenticing as a milliner (also called a "hatter"), a profession that he would hold intermittently throughout his life.
As a milliner, Corbett was regularly exposed to the fumes of mercury(II) nitrate, then used in the treatment of fur to produce felt used on hats.
Excessive exposure to the compound can lead to  hallucinations, psychosis and twitching (known as the "hatter's shakes").
Historians have theorized that the mental issues Corbett exhibited before and after the Civil War were caused by this exposure.
He later married, but his wife and child died in childbirth.
Following their deaths, he moved to Boston.
Corbett became despondent over the loss of his wife and began drinking heavily.
He was unable to hold a job and eventually became homeless.
After a night of heavy drinking, he was confronted by a street preacher whose message persuaded him to join the Methodist Episcopal Church.
Corbett immediately stopped drinking and became devoutly religious.
After being baptized, he subsequently changed his name to Boston, the name of the city where he was converted.
He regularly attended meetings at the Fulton and Bromfield Street churches where his enthusiastic behavior earned him the nickname "The Glory to God man".
In an attempt to imitate Jesus, Corbett began to wear his hair very long (he was forced to cut it upon enlisting in the Union Army).
In 1857, Corbett began working at a hat manufacturer's shop on Washington Street in downtown Boston.
He was reported to be a proficient milliner, but was known to proselytize frequently and stop work to pray and sing for co-workers who used profanity in his presence.
He also began working as a street preacher and would sermonize and distribute religious literature in North Square.
Corbett soon earned a reputation around Boston for being a "local eccentric" and religious fanatic.
On July 16, 1858, Corbett was propositioned by two prostitutes while walking home from a church meeting.
He was deeply disturbed by the encounter.
Upon returning to his room at a boardinghouse, Corbett began reading chapters 18 and 19 in the Gospel of Matthew ("And if thy right eye offend thee, pluck it out and cast it from thee....and there be eunuchs, which have made themselves eunuchs for the kingdom of heaven's sake").
In order to avoid sexual temptation and remain holy, he castrated himself with a pair of scissors.
He then ate a meal and went to a prayer meeting before seeking medical treatment.
Corbett's eccentric behavior quickly got him into trouble.
He carried a Bible with him at all times and read passages aloud from it regularly, held unauthorized prayer meetings and argued with his superior officers.
Corbett also condemned officers and superiors for what he perceived as violations of God's word.
In one instance, he verbally reprimanded Colonel Daniel Butterfield for using profanity and taking the Lord's name in vain.
He was sent to the guardhouse for several days but refused to apologize for his insubordination.
Due to his continued disruptive behavior and refusal to take orders, Corbett was court-martialed and sentenced to be shot.
His sentence was eventually reduced and he was discharged in August 1863.
Corbett re-enlisted later that month as a private in Company L, 16th New York Cavalry Regiment.
On June 24, 1864, he was captured by Confederate Colonel John S. Mosby's men in Culpeper, Virginia and held prisoner at Andersonville prison for five months.
He was released in an exchange in November 1864 and was admitted to the Army hospital in Annapolis, Maryland where he was treated for scurvy, malnutrition and exposure.
On his return to his company, he was promoted to Sergeant.
Corbett later testified for the prosecution in the trial of the commandant of Andersonville, Captain Henry Wirz.
On April 26, the regiment surrounded Booth and one of his accomplices, David Herold, in a tobacco barn on the Virginia farm of Richard Garrett.
Herold surrendered, but Booth refused.
The barn was set on fire in an attempt to force him out into the open, but Booth remained inside.
Corbett was positioned near a large crack in the barn wall.
In an 1878 interview, Corbett claimed that he saw Booth aim his carbine, prompting him to shoot Booth with his Colt revolver despite Secretary of War Edwin M. Stanton's orders that Booth be captured alive.
Lieutenant Edward P. Doherty, the officer in charge of the soldiers who captured Booth and Herold, stated that "the bullet struck Booth in the back of the head, about an inch below the spot where his shot had entered the head of Mr.
Lincoln."
Booth's spinal cord was severed, and he died two hours later.
Lt.
Colonel Everton Conger initially thought Booth had shot himself.
After realizing Booth had been shot by someone else, Conger and Lt. Doherty asked which officer had shot Booth.
Corbett stepped forward and admitted he was the shooter.
When asked why he had violated orders, Corbett replied, "Providence directed me".
He was immediately arrested and was accompanied by Lt. Doherty to the War Department in Washington, D.C. to be court martialed.
When questioned by Edwin Stanton about Booth's capture and shooting, both Doherty and Corbett agreed that Corbett had in fact disobeyed orders not to shoot.
However, Corbett maintained that he believed Booth had intended to shoot his way out of the barn and that he acted in self-defense.
He told Stanton, "...Booth would have killed me if I had not shot first.
I think I did right."
Stanton paused and then stated, "The rebel is dead.
The patriot lives; he has spared the country expense, continued excitement and trouble.
Discharge the patriot."
Upon leaving the War Department, Corbett was greeted by a cheering crowd.
As he made his way to Mathew Brady's studio to have his official portrait taken, the crowd followed him asking for autographs and requesting that he tell them about shooting Booth.
Officers who were near Corbett at the time claimed that they never saw him fire his gun (Corbett's gun was never inspected and was eventually lost).
They claimed that Corbett came forward only after Lt.
Colonel Conger asked who had shot Booth.
Richard Garrett, the owner of the farm on which Booth was found, and his 12-year-old son Robert also contradicted Corbett's testimony that he acted in self-defense.
Both maintained that Booth had never reached for his gun.
While there was some criticism of Corbett's actions, he was largely considered a hero by the public and press.
One newspaper editor declared that Corbett would, "live as one of the World's great avengers."
For his part in Booth's capture, Corbett received a portion of the $100,000 reward money, amounting to $1,653.84 ().
His annual salary as a U.S. sergeant was $204 ().
Corbett received offers to purchase the gun he used to shoot Booth.
He refused stating, "That is not mine-it belongs to the Government, and I would not sell it for any price."
Corbett also declined an offer for one of Booth's pistols as he did not want a reminder of shooting Booth.
When the hatting business in Boston slowed, Corbett moved to Danbury, Connecticut, to continue his work and also "preached in the country round about."
By 1870, he had relocated once again to Camden, New Jersey, where he was known as a "Methodist lay preacher".
Corbett's inability to hold a job was attributed to his fanatical behavior; he was routinely fired after continuing his habit of stopping work to pray for his co-workers.
In an effort to earn money, Corbett capitalized on his role as "Lincoln's Avenger".
He gave lectures about the shooting of Booth accompanied by illustrated lantern slides at Sunday schools, women's groups and tent meetings.
Corbett was never asked back due to his increasingly erratic behavior and incoherent speeches.
R.B.
Hoover, a man who later befriended Corbett, recalled that Corbett believed "men who were high in authority at Washington at the time of the assassination" were hounding him.
Corbett said the men were angry because he had deprived them of prosecuting and executing John Wilkes Booth themselves.
He also believed the same men had gotten him fired from various jobs.
Corbett's paranoia was furthered by hate mail he received for killing Booth.
He became fearful that "Booth's Avengers" or organizations like the "Secret Order" were planning to seek revenge upon him and took to carrying a pistol with him at all times.
As his paranoia increased, Corbett began brandishing his pistol at friends or strangers he deemed suspicious.
While attending the Soldiers' Reunion of the Blue and Gray in Caldwell, Ohio, in 1875, Corbett got into an argument with several men over the death of John Wilkes Booth.
The men questioned if Booth had really been killed at all which enraged Corbett.
He then drew his pistol on the men but was removed from the reunion before he could fire it.
In 1878, Corbett moved to Concordia, Kansas, where he acquired a plot of land through homesteading upon which he constructed a dugout home.
He continued working as a preacher and attended revival meetings frequently.
He jumped to his feet, brandished a revolver and began chasing the officers out of the building.
No one was hurt and Corbett was arrested.
The following day, a judge declared Corbett insane and sent him to the Topeka Asylum for the Insane.
On May 26, 1888, he escaped from the asylum on horseback.
He then rode to Neodesha, Kansas, where he briefly stayed with Richard Thatcher, a man he had met while they were prisoners of war.
When Corbett left, he told Thatcher he was going to Mexico.
Rather than going to Mexico, Corbett is believed to have settled in a cabin he built in the forests near Hinckley, in Pine County in eastern Minnesota.
He is believed to have died in the Great Hinckley Fire on September 1, 1894.
Although there is no proof, the name "Thomas Corbett" appears on the list of dead and missing.
A few years after Corbett was last seen in Neodesha, Kansas, a patent medicine salesman in Enid, Oklahoma filed an application using Corbett's name to receive pension benefits.
After an investigation proved that the man was not Boston Corbett, he was sent to prison.
In September 1905, a man arrested in Dallas also claimed to be Corbett.
He too was proven to be an imposter and was sent to prison for perjury, and then to the Government Hospital for the Insane.
A small sign was also placed to mark the dug hole where Corbett had lived for a time.
Uncertainty theory is a branch of mathematics based on normality, monotonicity, self-duality, countable subadditivity, and product measure axioms.
It was founded by Baoding Liu  in 2007 and refined in 2009.
Mathematical measures of the likelihood of an event being true include probability theory, capacity, fuzzy logic, possibility, and credibility, as well as uncertainty.
(Normality Axiom) .
Axiom 2.
(Self-Duality Axiom) .
Axiom 3.
Axiom 4.
(Product Measure Axiom) Let  be uncertainty spaces for .
Principle.
(Maximum Uncertainty Principle) For any event, if there are multiple reasonable values that an uncertain measure may take, then the value as close to 0.5 as possible is assigned to the event.
Definition:The uncertainty distribution  of an uncertain variable ξ is defined by .
Theorem(Peng and Iwamura, Sufficient and Necessary Condition for Uncertainty Distribution) A function  is an uncertain distribution if and only if it is an increasing function except  and .
Theorem 2: Let  be independent uncertain variables, and  measurable functions.
Then  are independent uncertain variables.
Theorem 3: Let  be uncertainty distributions of independent uncertain variables  respectively, and  the joint uncertainty distribution of uncertain vector .
Theorem 1: Let  be an uncertain variable with uncertainty distribution .
Theorem 2: Let  be an uncertain variable with regular uncertainty distribution .
Theorem 3: Let  and  be independent uncertain variables with finite expected values.
Theorem 1: Let  be an uncertain variable with regular uncertainty distribution .
Theorem 2: Let  be an uncertain variable, and .
Theorem 3: Suppose that  and  are independent uncertain variables, and .
Theorem 1(Dai and Chen): Let  be an uncertain variable with regular uncertainty distribution .
Theorem 2: Let  and  be independent uncertain variables.
Theorem 3: Let  be an uncertain variable whose uncertainty distribution is arbitrary but the expected value  and variance .
Theorem 2 (Liu, Chebyshev Inequality) Let  be an uncertain variable whose variance  exists.
Theorem 3 (Liu, Holder's Inequality) Let  and  be positive numbers with , and let  and  be independent uncertain variables with  and .
Theorem 4:(Liu [127], Minkowski Inequality) Let  be a real number with , and let  and  be independent uncertain variables with  and .
In that case we write ,a.s.
Definition 2: Suppose that  are uncertain variables.
Definition 3: Suppose that  are uncertain variables with finite expected values.
Definition 4: Suppose that  are uncertainty distributions of uncertain variables , respectively.
We say that the sequence  converges in distribution to  if  at any continuity point of .
Theorem 1: Convergence in Mean  Convergence in Measure  Convergence in Distribution.
However, Convergence in Mean  Convergence Almost Surely  Convergence in Distribution.
Then M{·|B} defined by Definition 1 is an uncertain measure, and is an uncertainty space.
Definition 2: Let  be an uncertain variable on .
Theorem 2: Let  be an uncertain variable with regular uncertainty distribution , and  a real number with .
Cuilian You, Some Convergence Theorems of Uncertain Sequences, Mathematical and Computer Modelling, Vol.49, Nos.3-4, 482-487, 2009.
Yuhan Liu, How to Generate Uncertain Measures, Proceedings of Tenth National Youth Conference on Information and Management Sciences, August 3–7, 2008, Luoyang, pp.
23–26.
Baoding Liu, Some Research Problems in Uncertainty Theory, Journal of Uncertain Systems, Vol.3, No.1, 3-10, 2009.
Yang Zuo, Xiaoyu Ji, Theoretical Foundation of Uncertain Dominance, Proceedings of the Eighth International Conference on Information and Management Sciences, Kunming, China, July 20–28, 2009, pp.
827–832.
Yuhan Liu and Minghu Ha, Expected Value of Function of Uncertain Variables, Proceedings of the Eighth International Conference on Information and Management Sciences, Kunming, China, July 20–28, 2009, pp.
779–781.
Zhongfeng Qin, On Lognormal Uncertain Variable, Proceedings of the Eighth International Conference on Information and Management Sciences, Kunming, China, July 20–28, 2009, pp.
753–755.
Jin Peng, Value at Risk and Tail Value at Risk in Uncertain Environment, Proceedings of the Eighth International Conference on Information and Management Sciences, Kunming, China, July 20–28, 2009, pp.
787–793.
Yi Peng, U-Curve and U-Coefficient in Uncertain Environment, Proceedings of the Eighth International Conference on Information and Management Sciences, Kunming, China, July 20–28, 2009, pp.
815–820.
Wei Liu, Jiuping Xu, Some Properties on Expected Value Operator for Uncertain Variables, Proceedings of the Eighth International Conference on Information and Management Sciences, Kunming, China, July 20–28, 2009, pp.
808–811.
Xiaohu Yang, Moments and Tails Inequality within the Framework of Uncertainty Theory, Proceedings of the Eighth International Conference on Information and Management Sciences, Kunming, China, July 20–28, 2009, pp.
812–814.
Yuan Gao, Analysis of k-out-of-n System with Uncertain Lifetimes, Proceedings of the Eighth International Conference on Information and Management Sciences, Kunming, China, July 20–28, 2009, pp.
794–797.
Xin Gao, Shuzhen Sun, Variance Formula for Trapezoidal Uncertain Variables, Proceedings of the Eighth International Conference on Information and Management Sciences, Kunming, China, July 20–28, 2009, pp.
853–855.
Zixiong Peng, A Sufficient and Necessary Condition of Product Uncertain Null Set, Proceedings of the Eighth International Conference on Information and Management Sciences, Kunming, China, July 20–28, 2009, pp.
798–801.
Empire Made Me: An Englishman Adrift in Shanghai is the 2003 biography of the Shanghai policeman Richard Maurice Tinkler by the British historian Robert Bickers.
Tinkler, a British veteran of World War One turned policeman in interwar Shanghai was described by Bickers as an extremely tough, able, violent and racist policeman operating in one of the world's most crime-ridden and dangerous cities; who loathed the Chinese as a people and treated them with much brutality.
The New Zealand author John Grant Ross wrote in a review of Empire Made Me that: "Some books get under your skin, keep you awake at night long after you’ve finished reading them.
This biography of a policeman in Shanghai’s International Settlement in the 1920s and 1930s is such a book."
Bickers argues in this "biography of a nobody" that though Tinkler himself was an unimportant man who achieved a brief moment of fame after his murder in June 1939 when he was bayoneted to death by Japanese Marines, his life as a policeman in Shanghai revealed much about how the British Empire worked in practice.
A major theme of Empire Made Me was gender, the roles assigned to the sexes by society, which differs from sex, which describes the biological differences between males and females.
Bickers maintained that the British imperial ideology required imperial men to adopt the macho pose of the heroic white man, forever seeking to prove his masculinity by keeping "the natives" whatever they be black, Indian,  Asian, etc.
in line which was necessary to protect the idealized demure white women from the threat posed by "the natives", who were viewed as seeking to rape white women whenever they had the chance.
In this way, Bickers argued that there was a close link between Tinker's racism and his machismo.
Decorated and recommended for a commission, Tinkler left the army in August 1919.
He promptly joined the Shanghai Municipal Police.
After being promoted to the rank of Inspector and employed on both CID and intelligence duties, Tinkler was demoted to sergeant for being drunk on duty.
He chose to resign in October 1930 rather than rebuild what had initially been a promising career.
Much of Tinkler's correspondence survived, which allowed Bickers to vividly explore many aspects of Tinkler's life such as the resentment which he felt as a working-class man looked down upon by the socially superior British residents of Shanghai, his relationships with women, his intense racism and loathing of the Chinese and his macho sense of masculinity.
Much of Tinkler's racism stemmed from the experience of a man who spoke with a working class Lancashire accent, despised by his social superiors, which led Tinkler to hate the Chinese with a special intensity as a way of compensation.
In many ways, this is a story about policing, about modernity, about the ways fascism didn’t take in British culture and the ways it did, and about emigration.
Tinkler’s letters, which survive, show him becoming an angrier and angrier man, an expat with a grudge against the world.
But this doesn’t reduce to mere racism, as the races he despised included the Scots, former members of the Royal Navy, and the British public (in his words “the most prejudiced, uneducated, ignorant people in the world”).
In fact, he sounds more like a classic fascist, craving war and glorying in contempt for the masses, whoever they were."
The American historian Karen Fang praised Bickers for his treatment of gender, writing:"Gender is a recurring aspect of Bickers’ narrative, which thoughtfully illustrates how the strong masculinity essential to British imperial ideology required constant performance and self-indoctrination—a telling instability in Tinkler’s history that suggests how empire was already breaking down...A sympathetic but still critical text, Empire Made Me refuses to romanticize either the cosmopolitan exoticism of contemporary Shanghai or the quotidian violence of colonial policing.
As Bickers puts it, in another comparison to a pathbreaking historigraphical work that clearly influenced him, Tinkler resembles the “ordinary men” Christopher Browning has described in the Polish police reserves during the German occupation, for whom Jewish extermination was part of their daily commission."
[Fang is referring to Browning's 1992 book Ordinary Men about the German Reserve Police Battalion 101 who shot down much of the Jewish population in south-eastern Poland in 1942-43] By contrast, Ross in a 2015 review felt that the book was somewhat "politically correct" in its harsh assessment of the British Empire and noted the problem of researching the life of an ordinary man, writing:"Robert Bickers is, as you’d expect with a career academic, no apologist for the British empire.
We’re told that British rule in treaty ports such as Shanghai was racist and cruel.
However, we’re not given any reference points for comparison.
What was the state of Chinese law and order outside the foreign settlements?
How was the policing in Shanghai before and after the SMP period?
Much worse of course.
Then there’s the inconvenient fact that the great majority of the population in the small International Settlement was Chinese – and that they had moved there of their own free will...Many books on the old Shanghai describe the decadence and glamour, the shocking contrasts of wealth and poverty, the whores, gangsters, and foreign elites.
Empire Made Me has plenty of background colour, but the focus is on the daily graft of the cogs of empire: men like Tinkler.
In a biography of an ordinary man, however, Bickers faces the inevitable difficulty of a lack of evidence.
There were letters to Tinkler’s sister and documents from British and Chinese archives, though not much else.
The result is gaps in the story – such as several missing years in the early 1930s; Bickers actually has included a chapter titled “What We Can’t Know.”" Ross argued that the book was unfair in the sense that it was difficult to fully understand Tinkler today given that so much of his life went undocumented such as the "missing years" from 1931 to 1934, that such flaws were a tribute to how "thought-provoking" Empire Made Me was, and that a less ambitious historian than Bickers would have produced a less interesting book.
The Baia Mare ghetto was one of the Nazi-era ghettos for European Jews during World War II.
It was located in the city of Baia Mare () in Maramureș County, Transylvania, now part of Romania but administered as part of Szatmár County by the Kingdom of Hungary from the 1940 Second Vienna Award's grant of Northern Transylvania until late 1944.
It was active in the spring of 1944, following Operation Margarethe.
A meeting of local officials took place at the Baia Mare Arrow Cross Party headquarters; Adolf Eichmann's assistant László Endre was also in attendance.
Károly Tamás, the mayor's assistant, first represented the city, but he was soon replaced by István Rosner, an aide to the chief of police who showed more enthusiasm.
Other participants included Jenő Nagy, chief of police; Sándor Vajai, former general secretary of the mayor's office; Tibor Várhelyi, commander of the local gendarmerie unit; Gyula Gergely, head of Northern Transylvania's Arrow Cross Party; and József Haracsek, leader of the Baross Organization, a virulently anti-Semitic association of Christian businessmen.
Jews from the city itself were housed on the vacant lot of the König glass factory, while those from the districts of Baia Mare, Șomcuta Mare and Copalnic-Mănăștur were placed in barns in Valea Borcutului village, some 3 km distant from the city center.
Jenő Nagy and Gyula Gergely supervised the roundup of the Jews and the search for their valuables; SS officer Franz Abromeit assisted.
Some 3,500 residents lived in the city ghetto, with a further 2,000 in Valea Borcutului.
Of the latter, only about 200 could fit into the barns, with the rest living outside.
Tibor Várhelyi was the ghetto's commander.
As was customary, the Jews were tortured and subjected to other methods of interrogation.
These were led by Nagy and Várhelyi; their assistants included Károly Balogh and László Berentes, associates at the city's Phoenix Factory, as well as Haracsek, Péter Czeisberger, Zoltán Osváth and the detectives József Orgoványi, Imre Vajai and István Bertalan.
On April 25, the Döme Sztójay government named Barnabás Endrödi county prefect, and he held general responsibility for the area's administration.
The deportations from Baia Mare took place in two transports: May 31 (3,073) and June 5 (2,844), with a total of 5,916 Jews sent to the Auschwitz concentration camp.
James Rowan Chatterton Dickson (born 1964) is a Labour Councillor for Herne Hill on Lambeth Council, London, United Kingdom (UK), where he also serves as Cabinet Member for Health and Well Being, having previously been the Council's Cabinet Member for Finance and also its Leader.
Whilst he generally goes by the shorter Jim Dickson his full name is James Rowan Chatterton Dickson.
He was educated at the public school Wellington College, as a result of being a child of a serving Royal Navy Officer, and Cambridge University where he read Social and Political Sciences.
Whilst at Cambridge he was elected as Chair of the Cambridge University Labour Club.
He is listed in Burke's Irish Family Records and his great great grand father was Major General Sir George Arthur French, first commissioner of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police.
His brother is the UK Consul General to Chicago, Robert Chatterton Dickson.
At the 2001 General Election he was Labour's candidate in Old Bexley and Sidcup.
Politically he is identified with the right wing of the Labour Party and was leading Lambeth's Labour Group when it was described as "more New Labour than New Labour" by then Prime Minister, Tony Blair.
He is employed by the consultancy firm Four Communications as Politics Director.
Matthieu "Mendès" Bernard Houbé (born 7 March 1982 in Arras, Hauts-de-France) is a French singer, songwriter, record producer and guitarist.
He has worked with a number of well-known artists including M. Pokora, Ycare, Luce and others and composed soundtracks for a number of films.
At eight he picked up a guitar and played in a young local band.
Before concentrating on music, he obtained his college degree in Physics, and then commenced his studies in an engineering school in Paris.
During his studies, he started to write lyrics in French.
2004 saw his first single "J'en sais rien" and was signed to Peermusic France releasing his self-titled debut album Matthieu Mendès on Warner.
In 2006, he co-wrote Adrienne Pauly's single "J'veux un mec" and in the following two years composed soundtracks for a number of films, including the K. Duffy's American film Becoming Blond, for the French TV series Flics created by Olivier Marchal and for Dom Juan sur Seine by Jérôme Maldhé.
In 2009, Matthieu Mendès collaborated with the young artist Ycare, a notable contestant in Nouvelle Star composing, arranging and pre-producing Ycare's prospective album and writing Ycare's second hit single "J'y crois encore".
In 2010, he toured with Jena Lee as her guitarist and worked with yet another Nouvelle Star candidate and eventual winner Luce.
2011 saw a close collaboration with M. Pokora on the latter's new album À la poursuite du bonheur.
This resulted in the two penning seven tracks on the album, namely three singles from the album "Juste un instant", "On est là", "Si tu pars" as well as album tracks "Reste comme tu es", "Sauve-toi", "Mon évidence" and "Cours".
The association between the two continued in the French musical Robin des Bois with Matthieu Mendès as part of the writing team of the musical, that had a successful run after premiering on 26 September 2013.
In 2013, he released his own new single "Jour après jour", in preparation for a full new album Echo on EMI, eight years after his debut album.
In addition to "Jour après jour", the album includes his second single "Okay" featuring Pomme and includes a cover of the Téléphone hit "Cendrillon".
John Goville (born 5 January 1962) is a retired Ugandan sprinter who specialized in the 200 and 400 metres.
Govile finished seventh in 4 x 400 metres relay at the 1984 Summer Olympics, together with teammates Moses Kyeswa, Peter Rwamuhanda and Mike Okot, in a national record time of 3:02.09 minutes.
On the individual level he participated in 200 m at the 1984 Olympics and 400 m at the 1988 Olympics, both times without reaching the final.
At the 1988 Olympics he also participated in 4 x 100 metres relay.
He won the East and Central African Championships in 1983 and 1990.
In 1984 and 1986 he won both 100 m, 200 m and 400 m at the Ugandan championships.
Tomato is the name of a plant or its edible brightly colored (usually red) fruit.
John Albert Bloomingston (April 28, 1874 –January 8, 1942) was an American attorney and football and baseball player and coach.
He played at the fullback position for the University of Michigan football teams in 1894 and 1895.
He was the leading scorer on the 1895 Michigan Wolverines football team that outscored opponents 266 to 14 and won the school's first Western football championship.
He scored as many as 32 points in a single game.
The Wolverines compiled a record of 17–2–1 in Bloomingston's two years as the starting fullback and never lost a game against a Western team.
After graduating from Michigan, he became one of the best known trial lawyers in Chicago, where he practiced for more than 40 years.
He was the son of John S. Bloomingston (1843–1901) and Frances E. Drake Bloomingston.
His father was an immigrant from Switzerland and the editor and proprietor of the Investigator, one of the oldest insurance papers in the west.
His mother was a member of the Daughters of the American Revolution and a descendant of Col. Samuel Drake and William Hooker.
While attending Michigan, Bloomingston was one of the university's best athletes.
He played fullback for the Michigan Wolverines football team and second base for the Michigan Wolverines baseball team.
He received a Bachelor of Law degree from the University of Michigan in 1896.
On November 24, 1894, he helped Michigan defeat Cornell, 12–4, marking the first time Michigan had beaten one of the elite Eastern football teams.
Five days later, Bloomingston kicked the goal from touchdown which proved to be the winning points in a 6–4 win over Chicago.
On May 30, 1895, he led Michigan to an 11–0 win over Cornell at the Detroit Athletic Club field in Detroit.
A crowd of 4,000 watched, the Detroit Free Press wrote that "Bloomingston carried off the batting honors with two homers and a single."
He caught one of [Cornell pitcher] Smith's twisters on the nose and the ball landed in the crowd in the stand in left field.
...
In a second the stands and the field were a mass of yellow and blue and 'Bloomy,' as the crowd called him, got a 'football ovation.'
His second home run came in the seventh inning: "The crowd yelled for another home run, and he didn't do a thing but plant the ball over the carriages lined up along the fence in left field."
Although scoring records are incomplete, a newspaper account of an October 1895 game against Adelbert indicates that Bloomingston scored 32 points, as he ran for three touchdowns (four points each) and kicked 10 goals from touchdown (worth two points each).
the following week, Bloomingston added 20 points (two touchdowns and seven goals from touchdown) against Lake Forest.
One week later, Bloomingston added 18 points (one touchdown and seven goals from touchdown) in a 42–0 victory over Oberlin.
Bloomingston's talent as a kick returner were also on display against Oberlin, as he returned a kickoff 45 yards in the second half for the longest play of the game.
Bloomingston gained 50 yards in one run against Oberlin, and his field goal attempt from the 50-yard line went wide by only five feet.
The sole loss of the 1895 season was a 4–0 setback against Harvard in Cambridge, Massachusetts.
One week after the Harvard game, Bloomingston kicked two goals from touchdown to give Michigan the winning margin in a 12–10 victory over Purdue.
Bloomingston finished his Michigan football career by scoring eight points (a touchdown and two goals from touchdown) in Michigan's 12–0 victory over Chicago on Thanksgiving Day.
Bloomingston's running was reportedly the high point of the game.
Bloomingston received the ball, and, dodging the tacklers, who sought to bring him to the ground, ran back the entire length of the kick.
It was a splendid performance, and no small part of the applause the hero received came from Chicago throats.
The Detroit Free Press wrote: "Bloomingston played the star game of the day, easily out-punting Neel and bucking the line like a battering ram.
One of his kicks was seventy yards in the air and went the whole length of the field."
Following the game The World of New York wrote that the Michigan players had "clinched their claim to the Western championship."
In December 1895, the Chicago Daily Inter Ocean picked Bloomingston as the fullback on its All-Western team.
The newspaper wrote, "Every one in the West, with the possible exception of the Wisconsin men, unites in the selection of Bloomington  as full back.
Those who saw the sensational runs made in the game with Chicago last Thanksgiving day can possibly have no other opinion.
Sure at goals, a strong punter, and a wonderful runner, he has but few rivals."
The action followed an investigation of student athletes participating in professional baseball conducted by the university's board of control of athletics.
Bloomingston appeared before the board and admitted that he had played professional baseball for compensation under an assumed name for "the Flint picked-up nine."
Another member of the Michigan baseball team were also disbarred, an action which "stirred up quite a hornet's nest in athletic circles."
Minor league baseball records indicate that Bloomingston also played professional baseball in 1895 for the Owosso Colts in the Michigan State League.
In the spring of 1897, Bloomingston returned to Chicago and was appointed the player-coach of the Bankers' Athletic Club baseball team.
He also appeared in eight games for the New England Whalers of the New England League in 1897.
He was, according to the Chicago Daily Tribune, "for 40 years  one of Chicago's best known trial lawyers."
He also served as a director of the Yellow Cab Company.
He maintained his office at 160 North La Salle Street.
Their daughter married E. Cummings "Ted" Parker in 1937, and they had twin sons.
Bloomingston's wife died in October 1940.
In January 1942, Bloomingston died of an apparent heart attack at the Benjamin Franklin Hotel in Philadelphia, while on a business trip.
At the time of his death, Bloomingston was a resident of Chicago, having his home at 210 East Pearson Street.
The 7 Flushing Local and <7> Flushing Express are two rapid transit services in the A Division of the New York City Subway, providing local and express services along the full length of the IRT Flushing Line.
Their route emblems, or "bullets", are colored , since they serve the Flushing Line.
Local service is denoted by a (7) in a circular bullet, and express service is denoted by a <7> in a diamond-shaped bullet.
Several cars also feature LED signs around the service logo to indicate local or express service to riders; a green circle denotes 7 local trains and a red diamond denotes <7> express trains.
7 trains operate at all times between Main Street in Flushing, Queens and 34th Street–Hudson Yards in Chelsea, Manhattan.
Local service operates at all times, while express service runs only during rush hours and early evenings in the peak direction and during special events.
The 7 route started running in 1915 when the Flushing Line opened.
Since 1927, the 7 has held largely the same route, except for a one-stop western extension from Times Square to Hudson Yards in 2015.
The Flushing Line was extended one stop from Vernon–Jackson Avenues to Hunters Point Avenue on February 15, 1916.
On November 5, 1916, the Flushing Line was extended two more stops to the east to the Queensboro Plaza station.
The line was opened from Queensboro Plaza to Alburtis Avenue (now 103rd Street–Corona Plaza) on April 21, 1917.
Service to 111th Street was inaugurated on October 13, 1925, with shuttle service running between 111th Street and the previous terminal at Alburtis Avenue on the Manhattan-bound track.
The line was extended to Willets Point Boulevard on May 7, 1927, with service provided by shuttle trains until through service was inaugurated on May 14.
On March 22, 1926, the line was extended one stop westward from Grand Central to Fifth Avenue.
The line was finally extended to Times Square on March 14, 1927.
The eastern extension to Flushing–Main Street opened on January 21, 1928.
The service on the Flushing Line east of Queensboro Plaza was shared by the Interborough Rapid Transit Company (IRT) and the Brooklyn–Manhattan Transit Corporation (BMT) from 1912 to 1949; BMT trains were designated 9, while IRT services were designated 7 on maps only.
The 7 designation was assigned to trains since the introduction of the front rollsigns on the R12 in 1948.
The first train left Main Street at 6:30 a.m. IRT expresses ran every nine minutes between Main Street and Times Square, while BMT expresses ran every minutes between Main Street and Queensboro Plaza.
The running time between Main Street and Queensboro Plaza was 15 minutes and the running time between Main Street and Times Square was 27 minutes.
After the end of BMT/IRT dual service, the New York City Board of Transportation announced that the Flushing Line platforms would be lengthened to 11 IRT car lengths, and the BMT Astoria Line platforms extended to 10 BMT car lengths.
The project, to start in 1950, would cost .
The platforms were only able to fit nine 51-foot-long IRT cars, or seven 60-foot-long BMT cars beforehand.
On March 12, 1953, two nine-car super express trains began operating from Flushing–Main Street to Times Square in the morning rush hour.
The super expresses stopped at Main Street, and Willets Point before skipping all stops to Queensboro Plaza, bypassing the Woodside and Junction Boulevard express stops.
The running time was cut down to 23 minutes from 25 minutes.
Beginning August 12, 1955, four super expresses operated during the morning rush hour.
On September 10, 1953, two express trains from Times Square were converted to super express trains in the evening rush hour.
Super express service was discontinued in the morning rush and evening rush, on January 13, and December 14, 1956, respectively.
Holiday and Saturday express service was discontinued on March 20, 1954.
At some point afterwards, weekday midday express service was discontinued, but was restored on November 29, 1971, before being discontinued again by August 29, 1975.
On November 1, 1962, fifty R17s (#6500-6549) were transferred from the Mainline IRT to the 7, allowing for ten-car operation.
This was the first time that the IRT ran ten-car trains without a second conductor.
With the 1964–1965 World's Fair in Flushing Meadows–Corona Park in April 1964, trains were lengthened to eleven cars.
The Flushing Line received 430 new R33 and R36 "World's Fair" cars for this enhanced service.
The project cost $70 million.
Temporary platforms were built at local stations along the line when track work was being performed on local track in station areas to provide access to trains.
The major element was the replacement of rails on the Queens Boulevard viaduct.
This was necessitated because the subway was allowed to deteriorate during the 1970s and 1980s to the point that there were widespread "Code Red" defects on the Flushing Line, and there were some pillars holding elevated structures that were so shaky that trains would not run if the wind exceeded 65 mph.
<7> express service was suspended for the duration of the project; however, extra 7 service was provided for Mets games and Flushing Meadows Park events.
During the project, delays of up to 10 minutes on weekdays, and 20 minutes on weekends were expected.
The New York City Transit Authority (NYCTA) had considered running express bus service to replace <7> express service, but decided against it as it would require hundreds of buses, which the NYCTA did not have.
During the construction project, the NYCTA operated 25 trains per hour on the local track, three fewer than the 28 trains per hour split between the local and express beforehand.
Running times on the 7 were lengthened by ten minutes during the project.
The NYCTA held a public hearing on June 29, 1989 concerning its proposed reinstatement of express service.
The NYCTA proposed implementing express service in July 1989 to coincide with the regular A Division schedules.
It began to plan options to reinstate express service in 1988.
Options were presented to local community boards, including the service pattern in place before May 1985, the continuation of all-local service, Super Express service running nonstop between Willets Point and Queensboro Plaza and Skip-Stop Express service.
Before May 1985, express service operated to Manhattan from 6:30 a.m. to 9:45 a.m. and to Main Street from 3:15 p.m. and 7:30 p.m.. Expresses ran every three minutes and locals ran every six minutes.
This split between expresses and locals was in place due to high demand for express trains.
Express trains operated every two minutes, and then every four minutes due to the uneven split in service.
Express trains following the four minute intervals carried twice as many passengers than the expresses following the two minute intervals.
With the elimination of express service and the unreliable merge at 33rd Street–Rawson Street, service reliability increased, with on-time performance often exceeding 95%.
Keeping local-only service was dismissed as it would not have saved times for the large number of riders boarding east of Junction Boulevard heading to Manhattan, because it did not provide for the most efficient use of subway cars, and because it did not provide an attractive alternative to the overcrowded Queens Boulevard Line.
Super express service was dismissed as the demand for local service would require two or three locals for every express, replicating the problem of the pre-1985 service pattern.
Skip-stop service was dismissed for limiting the capacity of the line to 24 trains per hour, from the line's capacity of 30 trains per hour under other service patterns for express service.
The NYCTA created a service plan with the goals of maintaining existing levels of reliability, having local service run at existing levels or higher than the pre-1985 level, and providing faster running times.
The NYCTA proposed the reintroduction of express service, running to Manhattan between 6:30 a.m. and 10 a.m. (changed to 6:30 a.m. and 9:45 a.m. at the time of implementation) and to Flushing between 3:15 p.m. and 8:15 p.m.. Express service would bypass 61st Street–Woodside, allowing one express train to run forever local, with expresses and locals both running every four minutes.
The operation of expresses and locals at even frequencies was expected to aid in the even spacing of trains arriving at 33rd Street.
The fast express service was expected to discourage riders boarding north of Junction Boulevard to transfer to the crowded Queens Boulevard Line.
The elimination of Woodside as an express stop was done in part because trains at the station would be held up by passengers transferring between the local and the express, which led to delays at the 33rd Street merge, negating the time savings.
On July 28, 1989, the Metropolitan Transportation Authority (MTA) Board approved the change by a vote of 5–3.
<7> express service was restored on August 21, 1989, pushed back from July.
Express service saved six minutes from Main Street to Manhattan and four minutes from Junction Boulevard.
In September 1989, 200 riders and Republican Mayoral candidate Rudolph Giuliani rallied at the 61st Street station to protest the elimination of express service.
Express service resumed stopping at Woodside resumed on a six-week test basis on February 10, 1992 after pressure from community opposition.
<7> express service was suspended again between 61st Street–Woodside and Queensboro Plaza; temporary platforms were installed to access the express track in the four intermediate stations.
The work began on April 5, 1993.
When the viaduct reconstruction finished on March 31, 1997, ahead of schedule, full <7> express service was reinstated.
Throughout this entire period, ridership grew steadily.
In 1999, <7> express service was expanded from rush hours only to weekdays from 6:30 a.m. to 10:00 p.m.
However, this expansion was cut back in 2009 due to frequent midday construction.
The 34th Street–Hudson Yards station, originally scheduled to open in December 2013, began serving passengers on September 13, 2015.
However, the overall station construction project was not completed until early September 2018.
On November 16, 2010, New York City officials announced they are considering a further extension of the service across the Hudson River to the Secaucus Junction train station in New Jersey.
As of October 26, 2011, tentative support for the extension was given by then New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg as well as former New Jersey Governor Chris Christie in comments to the press.
However, in April 2013, then MTA chairman Joseph Lhota announced that the 7 train would not be extended to New Jersey due to the high costs of the project, which included constructing a subway yard and a subway tunnel in New Jersey.
Instead, Lhota put his support behind Amtrak's Gateway Tunnel project which entails a new tunnel to Manhattan for Amtrak and NJ Transit trains.
However, as part of a joint effort between The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, the MTA and NJ Transit, this extension was considered again in February 2018.
In 2008, the MTA started converting the 7 service to accommodate communications-based train control (CBTC).
Originally expected to cost $585.9 million, the installation of CBTC was intended to allow two additional trains per hour as well as two additional trains for the 7 Subway Extension, providing a 7% increase in capacity.
At the former southern terminal, Times Square, service on the 7 was limited to 27 trains per hour as a result of the bumper blocks there.
The new southern terminal at 34th Street–Hudson Yards has tail tracks to store rush-hour trains and can increase the service frequency to 29 tph.
New CBTC-compatible cars for the A Division (the R188 contract) were delivered from 2013 to 2016.
In October 2017, the CBTC system was activated from Main Street to 74th Street.
On November 26, 2018, following numerous delays, CBTC was activated on the remainder of the 7 route.
These trains, however, are not the longest in the system, since a train of 11 "A" Division cars is only  long, while a standard B Division train, which consists of ten 60-foot cars or eight 75-foot cars, is  long.
The Steinways were built between 1915 and 1925 specifically for use in the Steinway Tunnel.
They had special gear ratios to climb the steep grades (4.5%) in the Steinway Tunnel, something standard Interborough equipment could not do.
In 1938, an order of all-new World's Fair cars was placed with the St. Louis Car Company.
These cars broke from IRT "tradition" in that they did not have vestibules at each car end.
In addition, because the IRT was bankrupt at the time, the cars were built as single ended cars, with train controls for the motorman on one side and door controls for the conductor on the other.
These cars spent their last days on the elevated IRT Third Avenue Line in the Bronx.
Starting in 1948, R12s, R14s, and R15s were delivered to the 7.
On November 1, 1962, fifty R17s (6500-6549) were transferred from the Mainline IRT to the 7, allowing for ten-car operation.
This was the first time that the IRT ran ten-car trains without a second conductor.
In 1964, picture window R33S and R36 cars replaced the older R12s, R14s, R15s, and R17s in time for the 1964 New York World's Fair.
Early in 1965, the NYCTA placed a strip map indicating all the stations and transfer points for the line in each of the line's 430 cars, helping World's Fair visitors.
This innovation was not used for other services and as they shared rolling stock with each other; it was possible for cars to have the wrong strip maps.
The 7 was the last service to run using "Redbird" cars, and the 7s fleet consisted entirely of R33S/R36 trains until December 2001.
In 2001, with the arrival of the R142/R142A cars, the Transit Authority announced the retirement of all Redbird cars.
From January 2002 to November 2003, the Bombardier-built R62A cars, which used to operate on the  and , gradually replaced all of the Redbird cars on the 7.
On November 3, 2003, the last Redbird train made its final trip on this route, making all stops between Times Square and the then-named Willets Point–Shea Stadium.
Several Redbird cars running on this service were decorated with Mets logos and colors during the 2000 Subway Series against the New York Yankees, as the Flushing Line runs adjacent to Citi Field and the former location of Shea Stadium.
Many R33S cars remained in Corona Yard and were used primarily for work service up to early 2017, being replaced by R62As demoted to work service after the arrival of the R188s.
Since 2008, all R62As on the 7 have been upgraded with LED lighted signs to distinguish between express and local trains.
These signs are located on the rollsigns that are found on the side of each car.
The local is a green circle around the 7 bullet while the express is a red diamond.
Previously, the rollsigns showed either a (7) (within a circle) or a <7> (within a diamond) with the word "Express" underneath it.
The R62As were displaced by the R188s from January 2014 to March 2018 in preparation for the automation equipment for the Flushing Line.
The displaced R62As were returned to the  train, which had given much of its R142As for conversion to R188s.
The first train of R188 cars began operating in passenger service on November 9, 2013.
By 2016, most of the CBTC-equipped R188 trainsets were on the 7, and by the end of March 2018, the last R62A trains were displaced by the R188 cars.
In addition to providing six extra 11-car trains for the 7 Subway Extension, the R188s allowed twenty R62A cars to be freed up for the rest of the IRT A Division services.
This name is not official, nor is the title used in day-to-day operations.
On June 26, 1999, then-First Lady Hillary Clinton and U.S. Transportation Secretary Rodney E. Slater designated the 7 route as a National Millennium Trail, along with 15 other routes including the Lewis and Clark National Historic Trail and the Underground Railroad.
The route was designated under the name "International Express".
Stations in blue denote stops served by Super Express game specials.
The 7 Line Army is a group of New York Mets fans whose name is derived from the 7 route.
In a 1999 Sports Illustrated interview, then–Atlanta Braves pitcher John Rocker controversially stated that riding  the 7 train is "like you're [riding through] Beirut next to some kid with purple hair next to some queer with AIDS right next to some dude who just got out of jail for the fourth time right next to some 20-year-old mom with four kids.
It's depressing."
In January 2020, as part of an agreement between the MTA and Comedy Central to promote actor Awkwafina's TV show Nora From Queens, the default pre-recorded announcements for the 7 train on the R188s were replaced with those from Awkwafina for one week.
The announcements from Awkwafina featured jokes in addition to the standard station announcements.
The agreement was the first time that the MTA has replaced train announcements as a form of advertising.
The Kiribati National Championship is the top division of competitive football in the nation of Kiribati, founded in 2002 by the Kiribati Islands Football Association (KIFA), the nations football governing body.
The association and the National Championships are based in the capital city, South Tarawa.
"Si Me Ves Con Alguien" (English: "If You See Me With Someone") is a song by Peruvian singer Leslie Shaw.
It was released by Sony Music in 2018.
The video was features Shaw hanging out with her friends talking about an ex and then leaving to have a girls night out.
Killer on the Rampage is an album by Eddy Grant.
It remains his most successful album, hitting the top 10 in the US and the UK.
It features the hits "Electric Avenue" (which was a big hit in the US and UK at #2), "I Don't Wanna Dance" (a UK #1 hit) and "War Party".
Wakefield City Police was the police force for the city of Wakefield in the West Riding of Yorkshire, England between the years of 1848 and 1968.
The first police station was located in King Street and still stands today - the building immediately to the south was a Fire Engine House - the building originally being the 'Police and Vagrant Office' in 1829.
The building consisted of two cells and a short time afterwards, a female detention was built on the first floor.
In 1876 the police station moved to half of a renovated building known as the 'Tammy Hall', which had been constructed in 1778 and when the southern half had been demolished to make way for the Town Hall, the northernmost part of the building was refurbished to form a new police and fire station.
New buildings were added to the refurbished Tammy Hall, to the north (Chief Constable's Office and Charge Office); the west on King Street (Chief Constable's house) and the south (Fire Station).
The ground floor housed 20 cells with an underground passage linking the cells in the police station to the cells below the Court Room in the Town Hall.
This building is now the Wakefield and Pontefract Magistrates' Court.
In 1888, the City of Wakefield was formed after letters patent were issued and on 25 June the police was officially known as the Wakefield City Police and would keep this name until the force was disbanded in 1968.
The city boundaries increased in size and with this, Wakefield City Police absorbed 279 acres from the West Riding Constabulary when the Wakefield City Extension Act came into force - this included the area of Thornes; the site of where Pinderfields Hospital now stands and parts of Lupset and Flanshaw.
The parish of Alverthorpe was added in 1900 and in 1909 the parish of Sandal was included in the jurisdiction of Wakefield City Police - with officers stationed at Belle Vue, Sandal Common (now known as Agbrigg), Haddingley Hill, Sandal Magna, Milnthorpe and Newmillerdam.
Two new houses on Agbrigg Road were occupied by police officers from Wakefield City, these houses being near Sandal Fire Station (no longer standing) in May 1910.
The largest and latest addition to the force area came in April 1951 when the parish of Crigglestone and what would become the Kettlethorpe estate was added to the Milnthorpe beat.
Each 'Day Beat' was further divided into two 'Night Beats', worked between 1800hrs and 0600hrs, with one officer on foot, the other on bicycle (one 'Day Beat' was divided into three 'Night Beats').
The beat system was updated with the 'Unit Beat System' which came into operation on 20 May 1968 - with the City divided into five units, in turn made up of ten beats - with three city centre beats being patrolled on foot as had been under the old 'beat system'.
With the introduction of the unit beat system, officers would patrol in vehicles (known as 'panda' cars) who would assist with calls when the resident beat officer was off duty.
This system allowed for constables on the beat to attend at a police box and communicate with headquarters and the boxes were also for the use of the public to summon assistance.
All calls from the police boxes were routed to the Charge Office at headquarters.
A further 5 boxes were added in 1935 and this method of operation was maintained up to the 1960s.
Officers were sent to the West Riding Constabulary's Driving School at Crofton from the mid-1950s for driving training - this building was still used for the purpose until 2014 by Wakefield City and West Riding Constabulary's successors; West Yorkshire Constabulary and then West Yorkshire Police.
The building is now vacant.
Two Lambretta scooters were purchased in July 1958, each installed with VHF radio and in 1965, the scooters were replaced with motor-cycles.
West Riding Constabulary was linked by telephone to the Home Office Regional Wireless Station at Kippax which broadcast medium wave radio transmissions, before being replaced by VHF.
Wakefield City Police's force call-sign was M2XU - the Home Office and Scottish Office allocating police forces and fire brigades with four-character call-signs beginning with 'M2xx'.
Originally there was going to be two radio channels, 'A' covering West Riding Constabulary patrol vehicles and the 'B' channel covering ancillary vehicles of West Riding, the fire brigade and the other police forces however this took too long to come to fruition, so Wakefield City withdrew from the agreement.
A transmitter-receiver was installed in the Charge Office and a teleprinter was installed in the same office in September 1947 which was linked to the West Riding Constabulary headquarters.
£58,064 16s 11d worth of property stolen, of which £13,2303 12s 6d was recovered.
1480 non-indictable (non-traffic) offences reported, 1440 were met with a conviction.
1444 persons reported for 1922 offences which resulted in 96 drivers being disqualified.
1733 Fixed Penalty tickets issued.
10 fatalities and 425 injuries in 346 reported accidents, further 790 non-injury accidents reported.
1059 emergency 999 calls received and investigated.
464 deaths reported resulting in 99 inquests being attended.
17 lost children reunited with parents.
64 insecure premises were discovered.
1519 unoccupied houses were reported and taken care of.
The force area became the Wakefield Division of the new force with all officers working from the former West Riding premises in Wood Street (Wood Street Police Station was closed and replaced in 2014 by a PFI new-build divisional headquarters on Havertop Lane, Normanton) The former police station in the city centre closed its doors at 0900hrs on Tuesday 1 October 1968.
West Yorkshire Constabulary would exist for only eight years for in 1978 when the bulk of the force was split into the modern day West Yorkshire Police and South Yorkshire Police.
Afrasura crenulata is a moth of the  subfamily Arctiinae.
It is found in Angola.
Oksana Imanalijeva (born 17 January 1990) is a Lithuanian footballer who plays as a midfielder and has appeared for the Lithuania women's national team.
Asphyx is the third album by Asphyx.
It was released by Century Media Records in 1994.
Ramariopsis is a genus of coral fungi in the family Clavariaceae.
The genus has a collectively widespread distribution and contains about 40 species.
The name means 'having the appearance of Ramaria'''.
TaxonomyRamariopsis was originally defined as a subgenus of Clavaria by Dutch mycologist Marinus Anton Donk in 1933.
Several European species similar to the type, Clavaria kunzei, were included: Clavaria subtilis, Clavaria pyxidata, Clavaria angulispora, and Clavaria pulchella.
In Donk's concept, defining characteristics of the group included small, branching, fruitbodies with a stipe, and an almost cartilaginous consistency to the flesh.
Spores are small and hyaline (translucent), spherical to ellipsoid, and have a surface ornamentation ranging from echinulate (spiny) to verruculose (covered with small warts).
E.J.H.
Corner promoted the subgenus to generic status in his 1950 world monograph of clavarioid fungi.
Ron Petersen emended the genus in 1966 to include smooth-spored species, such as R. minutula.
Three years later, he proposed the subgenus Laevispora to contain the smooth-spored species.
In 1985, Pegler and Young used electron microscopy to examine the ultrastructural details of the spore surface, which revealed that the spores considered smooth with conventional light microscopy were ornamented at the ultrastructural level.
They determined that the genus could be divided into three groups based on spore ornamentation.
The Kunzei group have a discontinuous tunica (sheath) that form verrucae (warts); the Biformis group have a continuous tunica that form verrucae; and the Minutula group have a continuous tunica that form rugosities (wrinkles or creases).
The branches can be cylindrical or flattened, with a pointed or rounded apex, and the texture of the flesh can be brittle or fairly tough, and in various colours.
Hyphae are more or less swollen, with clamps.
The basidia are mostly four-spored.
Spores are broadly ellipsoid or roughly spherical, with a maximum length of 5.5 μm.
They are hyaline, finely echinulate or warted, and each contains a large oil-drop or guttule.
DistributionRamariopsis species are widely distributed in semi-evergreen to wet evergreen shola forests of the Western Ghats, Kerala, India and occur scattered in dense clumps on soil and rarely on rotten wood.
Two species, viz.
Ramariopsis kunzei and R. pulchella have been reported from the Western Ghats.
Petersen described over a dozen new species from New Zealand in 1988.R.
agglutinata R.H.Petersen 1988 – New ZealandR.
alutacea R.H.Petersen 1988 – New ZealandR.
asperulospora (G.F.Atk.)
Corner 1950R.
asterella (G.F.Atk.)
Corner 1950R.
aurantioolivacea R.H.Petersen 1988 – New ZealandR.
avellanea  R.H.Petersen 1988 – New ZealandR.
avellaneo-inversa R.H.Petersen 1988 – New ZealandR.
bicolor R.H.Petersen 1988 – New ZealandR.
biformis (G.F.Atk.)
R.H.Petersen 1964R.
californica R.H.Petersen 1969R.
cinnamomipes R.H.Petersen 1978R.
citrina Schild 1971R.
clavuligera (R.Heim) Corner 1950R.
costaricensis L.D.Gómez 1972R.
cremicolor R.H.Petersen 1988 – New ZealandR.
crocea (Pers.)
Corner 1950R.
dealbata (Berk.)
R.H.Petersen 1984R.
flavescens R.H.Petersen 1969R.
hibernica Corner 1971R.
holmskjoldii (Oudem.)
R.H.Petersen 1978R.
junquillea R.H.Petersen 1988 – New ZealandR.
kunzei  (Fr.)
Corner 1950R.
longipes R.H.Petersen 1988 – New ZealandR.
luteotenerrima (Overeem) R.H.Petersen 1988 – New ZealandR.
minutula (Bourdot & Galzin) R.H.Petersen 1966R.
novae-hibernica Corner 1971R.
ovispora R.H.Petersen 1988 – New ZealandR.
pseudosubtilis R.H.Petersen 1969R.
pulchella (Boud.)
Corner 1950R.
ramarioides R.H.Petersen 1988 – New ZealandR.
simplex R.H.Petersen 1988 – New ZealandR.
subtilis (Pers.)
R.H.Petersen 1978R.
tenuicula (Bourdot & Galzin) R.H.Petersen 1969R.
tenuiramosa Corner 1950R.
tortuosa R.H.Petersen 1988 – New ZealandR.
"Stand a Little Rain" is a song written by Donny Lowery and Don Schlitz, and recorded by American country music group Nitty Gritty Dirt Band.
It was released in June 1986 as the first single from their compilation album Twenty Years of Dirt.
The song reached number 5 on the U.S.
Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart and number 3 on the Canadian RPM Country Tracks chart.
He goes on to call it a "change of pace from their whimsical, 'Partners, Brothers and Friends'.
We've had a little rain.
New Hampshire has had too much rain.
A lot of families are hurting."
This unusual phrasing was repeatedly used as an example of Bush's garbled syntax (notably, in Dave Barry's book Dave Barry Hits Below the Beltway), which in turn helped publicize the band.
Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks for the week of June 21, 1986.
Major Kenneth Walter William Henry Walton FRCP (6 September 1919 – 26 April 2008) was a leading British experimental pathologist and rheumatologist.
He published over 160 papers during his lifetime and was a member of 18 learned societies.
One of the pathologists who helped form the current scientific era within his field, his death was described as 'the end of an earlier period of British rheumatology', and papers of his from the 1960s continue to be academically cited.
He was born in Lahore and attended school in Highgate, being accepted into University College London to study Medicine, which he followed up with time spent at University College Hospital under Roy Cameron.
During World War II he initially tended to victims of The Blitz before being called up in 1943, he was commissioned as a lieutenant in the Royal Army Medical Corps on 21 November.
He spent time as a medical officer with infantry units stationed in England before being transferred to the East Asian theatre, serving as assistant director of pathology in Hong Kong.
He was demobilised in 1947 and returned to UCH, but quickly transferred to University of Birmingham in England.
He went to the United States in 1952 as part of a Rockefeller Fellowship, returning to the UK the next year.
He was appointed a reader of the Experimental Pathology Department at Birmingham University in 1954 and became a professor in 1960.
He worked at Birmingham University for over 25 years, establishing the Rheumatism Research Wing and continuing research on heart disease.
He is most well known for his 1973 study into the causes of heart disease in which participants were asked to eat greasy fry-ups.
In the 1980s more academics joined his unit, allowing him to spend more time working on research; from 1981 to 1984 he published 35 papers.
He retired in 1984 and suffered a brainstem stroke in 1987.
He recovered, continuing research for a few more years, and died on 26 April 2008.
The son, Peter, also became a doctor.
Canberra Grammar School is a co-educational, independent, day and boarding school, located in Red Hill, a suburb of Canberra, the capital of Australia.
The school is affiliated with the Anglican Church of Australia and provides an education from pre-school to Year 12 for boys and girls.
In October 2015, the school announced that it would extend co-education to all years, commencing in 2016 with an intake of girls in Years 3 and 4.
By 2018 the school became fully co-educational.
The school was founded in 1929 when the existing Monaro Grammar School was relocated to Canberra from Cooma.
The foundation stone was laid on 4 December 1928 by Prime Minister Stanley Bruce.
Initially it was attended by only 63 students, but has grown considerably since the early 1950s to a total attendance of 1,749 students as of June 2015.
The school has educated one Australian Prime Minister and has a long list of notable alumni.
In the senior school, from years 7 to 10, the school follows the Australia Curriculum and the ACT Every chance to learn curriculum framework.
Unlike other schools in the Australian Capital Territory, Canberra Grammar School does not follow the ACT Year 12 Curriculum.
Instead, students in years 11 and 12 have the option to study either the New South Wales Higher School Certificate (HSC) or the International Baccalaureate Diploma Programme.
In 2012, Canberra Grammar became an International Baccalaureate World School.
These include sport, music and other activities.
These students  have high level performance opportunities in smaller chamber groups.
The Developing Musicians Program provides larger ensemble-based experiences, including two concert bands, two jazz bands, two string ensembles, two choirs, an electric guitar ensemble and a piano ensemble.
Currently, the three prizes are awarded annually to houses these are the Manaro House Shield, the Captain's Cup, and the Sports master's Cup.
The Captain's Cup is currently held by Edwards House.
Huss & Dalton Guitar Company is an acoustic guitar and banjo manufacturer in Staunton, Virginia.
The company was started on October 1, 1995 by luthiers Jeff Huss and Mark Dalton.
Their first shop was located in the Mennonite community of Stuarts Draft, Virginia.
They moved to their current location in Staunton in 1999.
According to the company, the founders wanted to build an acoustic guitar that paid homage to guitar tradition while incorporating improvements in structural design and cosmetics.
The company currently operates on a small scale, producing around 250 instruments per year in a two-story brick workshop.
Standard Series models feature a 25' radius on the guitar top.
They achieve this by building an arch into the braces, and preparing the sides in the same radius to accept the soundboard.
Traditional Series guitars feature the same 25' radius in the braces, but the sides are flat, in a more traditional construction style.
Jeff Huss began his career building banjos at Stelling Banjo Works.
Records indicate that Jefferson planted the tree outside his bedroom window, around 1807.
The Thomas Jefferson Foundation contacted Huss & Dalton to determine if any remaining wood was suitable for one or more guitars.
Although most of the tree was unusable, the pair found several boards of guitar-suitable wood.
The company introduced a limited series of Monticello guitars whose proceeds they shared with the Thomas Jefferson Foundation.
Over the years, Huss and Dalton built two signature-series guitars based on the preferred specs of both of these monumental bluegrass guitarists, the former of whom is well known for developing the cross-picking style of guitar, the latter for expanding and continuing the tradition, in limited runs of 25 pieces each.
In October 2014, a 26th James Alan Shelton model was raffled off at IBMA, the proceeds of which went to assist Shelton's widow, Greta Shelton.
As of 2016, the company is building a series of guitars endorsed and designed by guitarist Albert Lee.
Ekow Panyin Okyere Eduamoah is a member of parliament of Gomoa East in the Central region of Ghana.
He is a Christian (Methodist).
is a Japanese bookstore chain operated by , founded in 1927, with its first store located in Shinjuku, Tokyo, Japan.
It means "Bookstore of Kii Province".
The company has its headquarters in Meguro, Tokyo.
One of the company's goals has been to cater to the interests of not only local Japanese clients, but to a wider, more diverse clientele.
This is why its international bookstores have focused on supplying a wide range of both Japanese and English books.
He named it after Kii Province, given that his ancestor was a servant of the Kii-Tokugawa family; they are not related to the Edo Period merchant Kinokuniya Bunzaemon.
On the second floor was an art gallery.
The building burnt down in May 1945 during an air raid, but reopened in December 1945.
Over the next few years, more Kinokuniya shops opened around Japan.
In 1964, headquarters was established in Shinjuku (the current Shinjuku Main Store Building).
The bookstore was nine stories and had two underground floors.
In 2016, a document revealed discriminatory hiring practices by the company in the 1980s surfaced when it was published by trade unions.
Overall, it has more than 80 stores in Japan and overseas.
Its first overseas store opened in San Francisco in 1969.
Several other bookstores have since opened in the  United States, in cities including Los Angeles and New York.
It then ventured into the Asia-Pacific market, opening its first store in Singapore (Liang Court Store) in 1983.
Shops in Taiwan, Indonesia, Malaysia and Thailand followed suit.
In 1996, Kinokuniya launched the first outlet in Australia, located in Sydney's Neutral Bay.
It later moved to its present location in George Street in the Central Business District.
Since 2000, Kinokuniya in the US has capitalised on the growing popularity of Japanese TV / anime by stocking both English- and Japanese-language books and manga, as well as other Japanese TV / anime-related paraphernalia.
The New York City branch in Rockefeller Center was the best-known, encompassing, lengthwise, an entire city block.
A new store has recently opened on Avenue of the Americas, near Bryant Park, replacing the old store, which closed at the end of 2007.
The bookstore located at 1073 Sixth Ave includes three floors.
Along with manga and anime, the top floor has an in-store cafe with products from nearby Cafe Zaiya, where customers are offered a range of bubble teas, cakes and bento boxes.
The middle floor concentrates on books in both Japanese and English while the downstairs area with a wide variety of art supplies and cards.
Books Kinokuniya is known for the immense size of its bookshops.
For more than 10 years in its store in Ngee Ann City, Singapore, was the largest bookshop in South East Asia, until the opening of the new Gramedia flagship store in Jakarta in 2007.
Fellow international bookstore chain Page One (headquartered in Singapore) began as the magazine agent for Kinokuniya but later became independent.
On September 22, 2017, Kinokuniya opened its first branch in Vietnam via Hanoi.
In March 2019, Kinokuniya's Singaporean branch announced that the Liang Court store will be closed on April 21, 2019.
István Angyal (born 18 October 1914, date of death unknown) was a Hungarian swimmer.
He competed in two events at the 1936 Summer Olympics.
FC Horses or also FC Horses Veľké Úľany was a Slovak football team, based in the town of Veľké Úľany.
The club was founded in 1928.
FC Horses were the third team of FC Spartak Trnava until summer 2016.
The British High Commission in Nairobi is the diplomatic mission of the United Kingdom in Nairobi.
It is located in the Upper Hill area of Nairobi.
The current British High Commissioner to Kenya is Jane Marriott, appointed on September 2019.
The Upper Hill area also houses the embassies of Japan and Spain, and the European Union's Kenya office.
The United Kingdom was represented in Kenya by a governor.
Kenya gained independence from the United Kingdom in 1963, with both countries establishing high commissions as fellow members of the Commonwealth of Nations.
The High Commission also houses the Kenyan offices of the Department for International Development and UK Trade and Investment.
The British Council's Kenya office is located adjacent to the High Commission building.
The High Commissioner to Kenya is the UK Representative to the United Nations Environment Programme and the United Nations Human Settlements Programme, which are headquartered at the United Nations Office at Nairobi.
The High Commission also represents the British Overseas Territories in Kenya.
Gibbing is the process of preparing salt herring (or soused herring), in which the gills and part of the gullet are removed from the fish, eliminating any bitter taste.
The liver and pancreas are left in the fish during the salt-curing process because they release enzymes essential for flavor.
The fish is then cured in a barrel with one part salt to 20 herring.
Today many variations and local preferences exist in this process.
The invention of this fish preservation technique led to the Dutch becoming a seafaring power.
Sometime between 1380 and 1386, William Buckels of Biervliet in Zeeland discovered that "salt fish will keep, and that fish that can be kept can be packed and can be exported".
Buckels' invention of gibbing created an export industry for salt herring that was monopolized by the Dutch.
They began to build ships and eventually moved from trading in herring to colonizing and the Dutch Empire.
The Emperor Charles V erected a statue to Buckels honouring him as the benefactor of his country, and Queen Mary of Hungary after finding his tomb sat upon it and ate a herring.
Herring is still very important to the Dutch who celebrate  (Flag Day) each spring, as a tradition that dates back to the 14th century when fishermen went out to sea in their small boats to capture the annual catch, and to preserve and export their catch abroad.
Mount Pleasant is a historic home and farm and national historic district located near Staunton, Augusta County, Virginia.
The house was built about 1780–1810, and is a two-story, hall-parlor plan limestone structure with a rear ell dating to the mid-19th century.
It is reflective of architecture of the Federal era.
It has an original one-story brick ell.
Also on the property are a contributing barn, corncrib, garage, storage shed, chicken house, the spring house, and an equipment shed.
The property also include the ruins of a mill.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
Crowle North railway station, officially known as Crowle railway station, was a station in Crowle, Lincolnshire on the Axholme Joint Railway which is now closed.
The North designation was used to avoid confusion with Crowle railway station on a neighbouring line.
The station was opened on 10 August 1903.
Originally it was the terminus of the line from , until the section onward to  was opened for goods on 14 November 1904, and to passengers on 2 January 1905.
The station closed with the end of passenger services on the line on 17 July 1933.
The Santa Barbara News-Press controversy refers to a series of events starting after businesswoman Wendy P. McCaw bought the Santa Barbara News-Press from The New York Times Company in 2000.
McCaw proceeded to oversee some of the newspaper's content, and some news editors and reporters felt her intervention compromised the paper's neutrality and credibility.
The tensions came to a head on July 6, 2006, when five editors and a columnist resigned.
They and three others staffers later received an "Ethics in Journalism" award from the Society of Professional Journalists, and the entire editorial staff was awarded the Payne Award for Ethics in Journalism as a result of their actions in the dispute.
The controversy led to at least three civil suits and one criminal investigation, as well as to the successful unionization of the editorial workers at the Santa Barbara, California, newspaper.
Newsroom employees complained that McCaw unduly influenced reporting of the news, while she contended that the supervision of content was her responsibility as owner.
On July 6, 2006, five newsroom employees resigned, blaming McCaw's interference with editorial news judgment.
They were Editor Jerry Roberts, columnist Barney Brantingham, managing editor George Foulsham, deputy managing editor Don Murphy, business editor Michael Todd and metro editor Jane Hulse.
Roberts was escorted out of the building by the then-acting publisher Travis K. Armstrong.
McCaw's perspective was that the editors had allowed an intolerable level of personal opinion and agendas to influence their editorial choices.
The proximate cause of the controversy included McCaw's intervention to halt the publication of a story about the drunk driving conviction of acting publisher Armstrong.
Another dispute involved her reprimand of a reporter and three editors for publishing the address where actor Rob Lowe planned to build a "dream home."
Conservative radio talk show host Laura Schlessinger, a resident of neighboring Montecito, was hired to replace Brantingham as a twice-weekly columnist in July 2006.
Many of her columns were supportive of management's position on the controversy.
Five columnists who wrote about local communities or issues were let go in mid-August 2006, and columnist Starshine Roshell resigned after her column was canceled.
In September, mental health columnist Dr. Michael Seabaugh resigned, after the News-Press published an apology for a critical column he wrote about Schlessinger.
Many firings occurred within the context of employees' attempts to unionize after the July 6, 2006, incident (see below section on unionization).
Six reporters, Dawn Hobbs, Rob Kuznia, Barney McManigal, John Zant, Tom Schultz and Melissa Evans, were fired by the News-Press on February 5–6, 2007, for participating in a freeway overpass demonstration.
They had displayed a large sign reading "Cancel Your Newspaper Today" during morning rush hour on February 2.
McCaw held that the editors and reporters who quit did not want "goals to improve the quality of the paper, to have accurate unbiased reporting, and more local stories that readers want to read."
She said "they no longer would be permitted to flavor the news with their personal opinions."
In August 2007, the labor board certified the union as the exclusive bargaining representative of the news department employees.
The company charged that Roberts breached confidentiality concerning the suit, which was subject to a compromise, but Roberts answered that it was an Ampersand attorney who gave the information to a News-Press reporter and that the story was leaked from there.
Roberts filed a counterclaim for $10 million, and Ampersand responded by increasing its claim to $25 million.
Roberts accepted a position at the University of California, Santa Barbara, as publication director.
Ampersand also alleged misappropriation of its trade secrets by acquiring and publishing the draft and by acquiring another draft News-Press article relating to the paper's arbitration proceeding against a former editor.
Ampersand also brought claims for unfair competition, intentional interference with prospective economic advantage and contract, and negligent interference with prospective economic advantage and contract.
The Independent had posted a copy of a story written by News-Press reporter Scott Hadly about the July 6, 2006, events.
The News-Press chose not to publish the story, and a copy was leaked to the Independent, which posted the article on its website.
Ampersand requested the removal of the story, and the Independent complied.
The October 26 suit concerned the few days when the leaked story had been posted and also identified a second unpublished News-Press story about Ampersand's suit against Roberts.
In November 2007 the trial judge Edward Rafeedie granted Ampersand summary judgment on its copyright infringement claim, holding that the posting of the draft article was not fair use.
The judge dismissed Ampersand's trade-secret claim.
He reserved decision on the trade-secret claim relating to the arbitration article, pending resolution of Ampersand's motion to compel the writer to answer questions about his source of information.
The judge also dismissed the unfair competition and tortious interference claims, stating that they were preempted by federal copyright law and the California Uniform Trade Secrets Act.
The suit alleged 33 instances of false and misleading statements, claimed that Paterno's "article falsely states and implies that Ampersand is an unethical corporate entity engaged in unlawful conduct and that its product, the Santa Barbara News-Press, is a deficient product" and asserted that McCaw's involvement in the News-Press resulted from former editor Roberts' incompetence.
Attorneys for the American Journalism Review responded to the suit on December 27, 2006.
Paterno filed an anti-SLAPP suit against Ampersand on January 29, 2007.
On February 15, 2007, nearly all copies of the Chapman University student newspaper, the Panther, were stolen from campus racks.
That edition of the Panther contained an in-depth article on Paterno's article and her legal troubles.
The first hearing on Paterno's suit took place in April 2007, when the judge allowed limited discovery of evidence to go forward on four of the charges.
Paterno filed for a writ of mandamus to prevent discovery being pursued against her on the four remaining libel charges, and in June 2008 the Court of Appeal in Santa Ana granted her the writ and ordered the case dismissed.
The News-Press was compelled to pay Paterno's attorney fees.
Eventually the parties settled the case: The Independent agreed not to challenge the court's ruling that it had violated federal copyright law.
The financial terms were not made public.
On September 22, 2006, the 44 attorneys announced formation of the Lawyers Alliance for Free Speech Rights to help ensure equal access to justice "for journalists who assert that they are exercising their free speech rights under the First Amendment."
The group was denounced by the News-Press in a press release.
On December 5, 2006, Cappello followed up with a second letter urging attorneys not to support former News-Press employees.
On January 23, 2007, the attorney sent another letter to lawyers in the Alliance.
During the week of December 11, 2006, McCaw's attorney sent a letter to seven small Santa Barbara businesses, all of which had displayed signs reading "McCaw Obey the Law."
The letter threatened action for defamation, stating that the sign exposed McCaw to "hatred, contempt, and ridicule."
The American Civil Liberties Union of Southern California responded with a letter expressing the opinion that legal action against the small business owners would fail.
A letter from Capello was published in the Independent in January 2007, in which the attorney framed the controversy as a battle between the Teamsters and the business owner, McCaw.
He also claimed that McCaw had saved the News-Press from financial insolvency; this claim was contested in a subsequent letter by Randy Alcorn, a former News-Press financial officer.
Roberts described the article as "a smear" and said that the News-Press published the piece without a byline and without seeking a comment from him.
He also demanded an immediate retraction and said he might pursue "massive damages."
The News-Press published a front-page clarification about the April 22 article on May 13, 2007.
Two rewordings urged by Roberts' attorneys were printed.
The first concerned use of the computer by other News-Press editors: The April 22 article stated that computer systems director Raul Gil had signed a declaration that the computer may have been used by other editors.
The May 13 clarification stated specifically that Gil had concluded "by recollection, notes, and memory" that the desktop computer had been previously used by at least two other editors at the News-Press and "possibly an ex-business editor."
A second clarification concerned Roberts' interaction with Santa Barbara Police: In the April 22 article, the News-Press reported that Roberts "refused" to be interviewed by police, while the May 13 clarification stated that Roberts cooperated through his wife and attorneys.
Roberts' attorney deemed the clarification inadequate.
Veteran journalist Lou Cannon, a resident of the area,  wrote an opinion piece in the Los Angeles Times on May 13, 2007, lamenting the treatment of Roberts and the controversy at the News-Press.
Owner McCaw responded in her own paper on May 27, 2007, and in the L.A. Times on May 31, 2007: She accused Cannon of sloppy journalism as well as a lack of sensitivity toward victims of child pornography.
Cannon countered McCaw's response by questioning the accuracy of a number of her claims.
Roberts responded in the Times as well, on June 5, 2007.
A subsequent public written exchange between McCaw and Cannon took place in early July 2007.
A judge did enjoin the Santa Barbara Police Department from destroying the information on the hard drive for 120 days.
During oral argument, the Ampersand attorney stated that the drive was "our defense to emotional distress damages", referring to Roberts' counterclaim.
Figures provided to prospective advertisers indicated a decline in South Santa Barbara County subscriptions during 2006 from 31,000 in January to 27,000 in June.
Total circulation figures dropped by approximately 2,000 readers, or about 5 percent, between fall 2005 and fall 2006.
Between spring 2006 and spring 2007, News-Press weekday circulation fell 9.5 percent, one of the biggest declines in the Southern California region.
Readership for the Santa Maria Times, the major daily newspaper of northern Santa Barbara County, increased by 6 percent during the same period.
McCaw argued in a letter that the Society was being "used by this group to further their own political and personal agendas."
The entire editorial staff was awarded the Payne Award for Ethics in Journalism given at the University of Oregon in spring 2007.
Agostino Borgato (June 30, 1871 – March 14, 1939), sometimes known as Al Borgato, was an Italian actor and director, before moving to Hollywood in the mid-1920s.
Borgato acted and/or directed about fifteen films in his native Italy between 1915 and 1922.
In the 1920s, he also acted on the stage in both Italy and England.
In 1925 Borgato immigrated to the United States, where he began his American acting career in Herbert Brenon's silent film, The Street of Forgotten Men.
His Hollywood career would last fourteen years, during which time he would appear in 45 films (although some sources have him in as many as 62 films), having roles in such classic films as 1932's Murders in the Rue Morgue (starring Bela Lugosi, and the 1939 musical comedy version of The Three Musketeers (starring Don Ameche and The Ritz Brothers).
His distinctive features and voice resulted from acromegaly.
The Three Musketeers and Hotel Imperial were the last two films he worked on, and both were released on the same day, February 17, 1939, less than a month before Borgato would die of a heart attack on March 14.
Hydnophora exesa, also called horn coral or spine coral, is a coral in the genus Hydnophora.
It was described by Peter Simon Pallas in 1766.
This is a list of notable coastal islands of the Californias - coastal islands west of California and the Baja California Peninsula in the Pacific Ocean.
California is in the United States; and the Baja California Peninsula includes the states of Baja California Sur and Baja California in Mexico.
Although the waters and islands are in two countries, many of the ecoregion, habitat, conservation, and ecological issues are shared.
Karim Asir is a comedic Charlie Chaplin impersonator in Kabul, Afghanistan born to Afghan parents in 1994 living in Iran who fled Afghanistan when the Taliban took over.
At the age of 12 his family moved back to Afghanistan.
At that point in his life he saw what decades of war had done to his country.
Asir states "The buildings were all destroyed and everywhere was destroyed by the Taliban."
Asir studied theater at Kabul University.
After graduation from university Asir wanted to apply his education to address social problems in Afghanistan and he decided to do this by means of entertainment.
Asir was well-familiar with the work of Charlie Chaplin through Iranian TV and Asir was fascinated with both Chaplin and acting in general.
Lisa Stein Haven, an English professor at Ohio University in Zanesville and a silent comedy scholar, explains her fascination with Karim Asir.
Stein Haven emphasizes that there are "no words involved" and therefore "no language" and that Asir "didn’t want to go to dialogue film, because he didn’t want to put an English language on it" and that he could thereby "speak to people throughout the world through pantomime".
Stein Haven points out that Charlie Chaplin "had fans in Russia, he had fans all over the world.
I think he went to Bali in 1932 and he found that his films had been seen there.
And Bali was relatively untouched at that time."
Some critics point out that comedy is inappropriate for the multitude of problems Afghanistan faces.
They point to lack of water and lack of housing.
Asir concedes the existence of these problems but responds "we also need to be happy".
Asir has been threatened by militants and Asir says "I am afraid of being targeted by suicide bombings or explosions but these issues cannot stop me carrying out my work and performances.
I'll continue my performances despite these issues and threats which exist in the country".
Baisari College is a college in Baisari, Banaripara Upazila, Bangladesh.
The college has facility for co-education.
About 200+ pupils are studying there in three departments.
Recently the college has updated up to graduate level.
Category:Schools in Barisal District
Andrew Currie (1812–1891) was a 19th-century Scottish sculptor and antiquarian.
His most noted works are the statue of James Hogg at St Mary’s Loch (1860) (sometimes called the Ettrick Shepherd), the statue of Robert the Bruce on the esplanade at Stirling Castle (1876), and the figures of Edie Ochiltree and Old Mortality on the Scott Monument.
He was apprenticed as a mill-wright in Denholm.
He is known to have attended Yarrow church with James Hogg and knew him personally, adding greatly to the authenticity of his later statue to him.
After initially travelling south to London and working in the Chatham Dockyard he returned to Scotland in 1839 and continued to work as a mill-wright in Earlston until his forties, but then began his career as a sculptor.
Only aged 43 did he begin exhibiting at the Royal Scottish Academy.
He exhibited from 1855 to 1877.
Around 1857 he moved to Darnick, operating a workshop in the grounds of Darnick Tower.
He converted to Catholicism in 1864.
He died in 1891 and is buried in Weirhill Cemetery in Melrose.
Girl with Flowers, Edinburgh City Art Centre (1882).
Mika Helin (born 7 April 1978) is a Finnish former footballer who currently works as a player-coach with Kiffen.
He has represented PK-35, FC Haka, FC Jokerit, TPS, FC Honka and FC Viikingit.
Anchorage Island is one of the uninhabited Canadian Arctic islands in the Qikiqtaaluk Region, Nunavut.
It is a Baffin Island offshore island located in Frobisher Bay, southeast of the capital city of Iqaluit.
Other islands in the immediate vicinity include Crowell Island, Dog Island, Kungo Island, Luella Island, and Metela Island.
The Journal of Chemometrics is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal published since 1987 by John Wiley & Sons.
It publishes original scientific papers, reviews, and short communications on fundamental and applied aspects of chemometrics.
The current editor-in-chief is Paul J. Gemperline (East Carolina University).
Cited 370 times.
Genetic algorithms as a strategy for feature-selection, Volume 6, Issue 5, Sep-Oct 1992, Pages: 267-281, Leardi R, Boggia R, Terrile M. Cited 296 times.
Multiway calibration.
Multilinear PLS, Volume 10, Issue 1, Jan-Feb 1996, Pages: 47-61, Bro R. Cited 290 times.
The FG-47 (a.k.a.
SpaB-54) is a Chinese solid rocket motor burning HTPB.
It was developed by China Hexi Chemical and Machinery Corporation (also known as the 6th Academy of CASIC) for use in the Long March 2C SD/CTS/SMA third stage.
It had its inaugural flight on the Iridium-MFS demonstration mission on September 1, 1997.
It has a total nominal mass of , of which  is propellant load.
It has an average thrust of  with a specific impulse of 288 seconds burning for 35 seconds, with a total impulse of .
TMNT is a single-player action-adventure multi-platform action game starring the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles.
It is based on the 2007 film of the same name, and was released three days before the actual movie's release for the Xbox 360, Wii, PlayStation 2, Nintendo GameCube, Nintendo DS, and PlayStation Portable, as well as for the PC on March 20, 2007.
The game features 16 story levels and 16 unlockable challenge levels.
The game also features four playable characters, each with their own unique fighting style and abilities.
The game encourages cooperative gameplay, as the player will have to use each turtle's special abilities to navigate through their environment.
Both are based on the same story layout as the console versions, and bring the action to the rooftops in New York in a fast-paced acrobatic platformer.
The fighting is simplified and less frequent than what is found in the console versions.
The game's creative director Nick Harper said "The TMNT movie is all about the emotions associated with family and teenage angst.
We've taken that philosophy and turned it into gameplay mechanics that will be fun and challenging."
Ubisoft has stated the focus within the game is "on the four turtle brothers finding out their differences and getting through family problems".
IGN gave the GameCube, Xbox 360, PlayStation 2, and PC versions a 6.0 out of 10, saying that the game is "Strictly for the kids".
The Wii version was criticized for using very little of the Wii Remote's unique capabilities, since one can only move the remote back and forth to use the turtles' weapons, with the weapons lacking free-direction attacks.
When reviewing the Nintendo DS and Wii versions of TMNT, the UK Official Nintendo Magazine commonly compared the two games to the 1989 arcade game of the same name, and even said in a hint guide that "Turtles games were once better".
Nintendo Power gave it 5/10, saying "The real shame is that TMNT once had a legacy of good video games-recent titles such as this one have sent that history to the sewers."
As of April 26, 2007, TMNT has sold 1.1 million copies across eight platforms.
For the PlayStation 2, it was re-released as part of the "Greatest Hits" label.
In mathematics, the Nørlund–Rice integral, sometimes called Rice's method, relates the nth forward difference of a function to a line integral on the complex plane.
As such, it commonly appears in the theory of finite differences, and also has been applied in computer science and graph theory to estimate binary tree lengths.
It is named in honour of Niels Erik Nørlund and Stephen O.
Rice.
Nørlund's contribution was to define the integral; Rice's contribution was to demonstrate its utility by applying saddle-point techniques to its evaluation.
in 1985, is the observation that the resemblance of the Nørlund–Rice integral to the Mellin transform is not accidental, but is related by means of the binomial transform and the Newton series.
Very roughly, it can be said to be related to the Nörlund–Rice integral in the same way that Perron's formula is related to the Mellin transform: rather than dealing with infinite series, it deals with finite series.
Donald E. Knuth, The Art of Computer Programming, (1973), Vol.
3 Addison-Wesley.
Philippe Flajolet and Robert Sedgewick, "Mellin transforms and asymptotics: Finite differences and Rice's integrals",  Theoretical Computer Science 144 (1995) pp 101–124.
Peter Kirschenhofer, "", The Electronic Journal of Combinatorics, Volume 3 (1996) Issue 2 Article 7.
47 Commando (Raiding Group) Royal Marines, formerly 1 Assault Group Royal Marines (2001-2019), provides the Royal Marines expertise and training in small boat operations, both amphibious and riverine.
In addition, it trains and parents the Assault Squadrons of the Royal Marines (ASRM) and their landing craft detachments.
It is based at RM Tamar in HMNB Devonport, Plymouth.
It moved to RM Tamar in August 2013.
On 5 November 2019 the unit was renamed 47 Commando (Raiding Group) Royal Marines, reviving the name of the original 47 (Royal Marine) Commando that served between 1943 and 1946.
11 Amphibious Trials and Training Unit Royal Marines (ATTURM) based at Instow in North Devon.
Royal Navy Board and Search School, .
539 Raiding Squadron Royal Marines is 3 Commando Brigade's integrated landing craft unit.
1 AGRM equipment includes：Landing Craft Vehicle/Personnel.
LC2 at promotion to Corporal.
LC1 at promotion to Sergeant.
Penalosa is a city in Kingman County, Kansas, United States.
At the 2010 census, the city population was 17.
It was renamed Penalosa in 1887, in honor of a Spanish explorer.
According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of , all of it land.
The population density was .
There were 15 housing units at an average density of .
The racial makeup of the city was 100.0% White.
There were 10 households of which 10.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.0% were married couples living together, 10.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 50.0% were non-families.
40.0% of all households were made up of individuals and 30% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.
The average household size was 1.70 and the average family size was 2.20.
The median age was 55.5 years.
5.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 11.8% were from 25 to 44; 47.1% were from 45 to 64; and 29.4% were 65 years of age or older.
The gender makeup was 47.1% male and 52.9% female.
The population density was 374.2 per square mile (148.9/km²).
There were 19 housing units at an average density of 263.4 per square mile (104.8/km²).
The racial makeup was 100.00% White.
There were 12 households of which 8.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.3% were married couples living together, and 33.3% were non-families.
25.0% of all households were made up of individuals and 8.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.
The average household size was 2.25 and the average family size was 2.75.
22.2% of the population were under the age of 18, 14.8% from 25 to 44, 25.9% from 45 to 64, and 37.0% who were 65 years of age or older.
The median age was 58 years.
For every 100 females, there were 107.7 males.
For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 133.3 males.
The median household income was $25,000 and the median family income was $66,250.
Males had a median income of $21,250 and females $41,250.
The per capita income was $20,331.
There were 20.0% of families and 11.4% of the population living below the poverty line, including no under eighteens and 33.3% of those over 64.
Édouard Belet (born 1893, date of death unknown) was a Swiss wrestler.
He competed in the freestyle lightweight event at the 1924 Summer Olympics.
Ruth Bedford (2 August 1882 – 24 July 1963) was an Australian poet, playwright and fiction writer.
Ruth Bedford and her sisters Sylvia and Alfreda were educated at home by governesses.
Bedford proved a talented verse writer from an early age: her first book, Rhymes by Ruth was published when she was eleven years old in 1893 (revised and reprinted 1896).
Bedford wrote a number of poems for various Australian newspapers, especially The Sydney Morning Herald, where her poetry appeared over a 30-year period.
The Brisbane Courier described her as a poet who "writes attractive verse, reflective and sensitive to a degree."
In 1931, Ruth Bedford established the Sydney PEN Centre in collaboration with her friend, the poet Dorothea Mackellar.
As honorary secretary she traveled to Buenos Aires as the club's representative in 1936.
Bedford was also honorary secretary of the Zonta Club in Sydney in 1933 and a member of the Women's Pioneer Society.
In 1953 Bedford received a grant from the Commonwealth Literary Fund to publish her chronicle of the Bedford and Stephen families, which was largely based on the diaries kept by her grandmother from 1846 to 1886.
Ruth Bedford never married and died in Paddington, New South Wales in 1963.
A Manufacturing Language (AML) is a robot programming language created by IBM in the 1970s and 80s, for its RS 1 robot and other robots in its Robot Manufacturing System product line.
The  systems were used in factory automation by customers such as Plessey and Northern Telecom.
They are no longer listed as available from IBM, but robots and parts can occasionally be found in used condition on auction sites, and are refurbished by hobbyists.
AML/2, AML/E, AML/V, and AML/X are versions and derivatives of AML.
AML programs can call subroutines written in AML, C, or FORTRAN.
Programs are coded off-line, and can be tested with an off-line simulator.
Prior to execution on the robot, they are uploaded to RAM residing in the robot's control unit.
PICKUP: SUBR (PART__DATA.
Federalist No.
7 is an essay by Alexander Hamilton, the seventh of The Federalist Papers.
It was published on November 15, 1787 under the pseudonym Publius, the name under which all The Federalist papers were published.
Arguing for the importance of the Union to the well-being of Americans, Hamilton addresses a theme begun in Federalist No.
6: the danger of dissension among the states if they remain without a strong federal government.
Hamilton closes by arguing that given time, a collection of un-unified states would descend into the same entanglements of European politics and wars.
No.
7 is titled "The Same Subject Continued: Concerning Dangers from Dissensions Between the States".
Seán Cullinane (born 1966) is a retired Irish hurler who formerly played with Passage at club level and with Waterford at inter-county level.
Seán was both Passage and Waterford's number one full back for the late 1990s and at the start of the 2000s.
Seán's final match for Waterford came on 11 June 2001 against Limerick at Páirc Uí Chaoimh.
Seán's inter-county career finished on a sour note, losing to Limerick by 3 points, after having led the match by 11 points after 16 minutes.
Since Seán's retirement, it can be said that Waterford GAA have failed to successfully replace him at full back with a number of players such as Tom Feeney, Kevin Moran, Declan Prendergast and Ken McGrath all having been tried out at the position.
Seán had a frustrating club career with Passage having lost three Waterford Senior Hurling Championship finals, most notably in the 1993 final, having lost to Lismore GAA by a single point in an incredibly wet and windy day in Walsh Park.
While Seán's final match for Waterford was a disappointment, his last match for Passage was more of a fairytale ending.
At the age of 38, Seán came on as a sub in the 2007 Waterford Intermediate Hurling Championship final where Passage beat Dungarvan by 6 points.
This ensured that Passage would be back playing senior hurling in 2008.
Seán having now finished as a player at senior level, is head trainer at Passage.
In addition, he was announced as the second shock replacement in a week for the Waterford senior management team, alongside Kend Mcgrath for Nicky Cashin.
Seán will act as defensive selector and coach under Michael Ryan for the 2012 season, replacing Br.
Philip Ryan of Mt.Sion from 26/03/2012 onwards.
Sunlight is the first of four EPs to be released under Jon Foreman's second solo-project, The Wonderlands.
Foreman describes the project as, "trying to explore the physical space of music.
I wanted to create a place that would exist only when you press play; a place of light and shadows, tension and release, things that you know and things that you don’t know.
It's incredible that you can create a mood, almost a structure of feeling.
All 24 songs will correspond with different moods of the day.
At the end I'm going to do 25 concerts in 24 hours."
The series is a collaborative effort, with a different producer for each song, and Foreman sending in tracks recorded backstage while on tour.
Awarding the EP four and a half stars for New Release Tuesday, Mary Nikkel states, "The first installment of The Wonderlands is a strong start for a promising EP arc."
Jessica Morris, giving the EP a 4.8 star review at FDRMX, writes, "A delight to the ears, heart and the imagination, Sunlight tackles some of the most debilitating and important topics of life with a lightness and hope that will strengthen you."
Awarding the EP a nine out of ten from Cross Rhythms, Helen Whitall says, "there are some excellent songs here and lyrically Foreman is going from strength to strength."
Joshua Andre, indicating in four and a half star review at 365 Days of Inspiring Media, recognizes, "As for the rest of The Wonderlands releasing in a few months; if they’re as half as good as Sunlight, then Jon Foreman is sure to have a brighter and longer career ahead of him!"
Signaling in a four star review by Jesus Freak Hideout, Roger Gelwicks responds, "Sunlight is a refreshing piece of artistry".
Rabaptin is a key protein involved in regeneration of injured axons.
Regeneration of injured axons at neuromuscular junctions is regulated by extra-cellular protein factors that promote neurite outgrowth.
A novel neurite outgrowth factor from chick denervated skeletal muscle has been cloned and characterised.
The protein, termed neurocrescin (rabaptin), has been shown to be secreted in an activity-dependent fashion.
Rabaptin is a 100kDa coiled-coil protein that interacts with the GTP form of the small GTPase Rab5 (see RAB5A, RAB5B, RAB5C) a potent regulator of endocytic transport.
It is mainly cytosolic, but a fraction co-localises with Rab5 to early endosomes.
Rab5 recruits rabaptin-5 to purified early endosomes in a GTP-dependent manner, demonstrating functional similarities with other members of the Ras family.
Immunodepletion of rabaptin-5 from cytosol strongly inhibits Rab5-dependent early endosome membrane fusion.
Thus, rabaptin-5 is a Rab effector required for membrane docking and fusion.
Rab5 contributes to early endosome fusion that works  through the coordination of other effector proteins, as mentioned above.
Rabaptin components may serve to control the SNARE activity which are vital in membrane fusion.
The two proteins form a symmetric RAB5A-Rabaptin5 ternary complex with a parallel coiled-coil Rabaptin5 homodimer in the middle complexed with two molecules of Rabaptin5, one on each side (see figure to the right).
Ämmuste is a village in Viljandi Parish, Viljandi County, Estonia.
Until the 2017 administrative reform of Estonian municipalities the village was located in Tarvastu Parish.
It is located 6.4 km (3.9 miles) south of the small borough of Mustla and 24 km (14.9 miles) southwest of the town of Viljandi near the border of Valga County.
As of 2011, Ämmuste had a population of 15 residents, a decrease from 22 in the 2000 census.
These figures, however, do not reflect the population number when students and faculty of Ämmuste School are factored in.
Ämmuste is home to Ämmuste Kool (Ämmuste School), an educational facility founded in 1825 that boards approximately 80 special needs students from Viljandi and Valga Counties and a staff of 43 individuals in three buildings.
The following is a list of notable events and releases of the year 1990 in Norwegian music.
16 – Eldbjørg Hemsing, classical and traditional folk violinist.
9 – Hanne Leland, electro-pop artist and songwriter.
Goupillières is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in northern France.
Girl Next Door Went A-Walking is a song recorded by Elvis Presley in 1960 for his first post-army album Elvis Is Back!.
Thomas Wayne, the co-writer, recorded the original version in 1959 on Scotty Moore's own short-lived Fernwood record label.
It was released as a single in May 1960 after the Elvis's version had already been released.
University of the Pacific Eberhardt School of Business is one of seven schools and colleges of University of the Pacific.
The business school is located in Weber Hall on the school's main campus in Stockton, California.
The Eberhardt School of Business is a fully accredited member of the Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business.
AACSB accreditation represents the highest standard of achievement for business schools worldwide.
The School was renamed the Eberhardt School of Business in 1995 in recognition of the generous and substantial support given to both the School and the University by the Eberhardt family.
Robert M. Eberhardt (a 1950 Business alumnus) succeeded his father as President of the Bank of Stockton and Chair of the Board of Regents.
After his unexpected death in 1993, his wife, Mimi Eberhardt, assumed his position as a regent, while his brother, Douglass, a Class of 1959 Business alumnus, became President of the Bank of Stockton.
Douglass Eberhardt subsequently became a regent of Pacific.
Nine members of the Eberhardt family have received degrees from the University and numerous employees of the Bank of Stockton and their families are Pacific alumni.
Students are selected through a formal application process and have the ability to manage an investment portfolio currently approaching 3.0 million dollars.
The Bank of Stockton and its President and CEO Douglass Eberhardt, sponsors the fund.
Two hundred of the 9,000 business schools worldwide operate a student investment fund.
In the Eberhardt SIF, students do research and evaluation, write reports, and make choices regarding where and how to invest the fund's money.
This is not a virtual investment or portfolio; this is real money and real investments.
Students participating in the Eberhardt SIF will be accountable to its board, which consists of the dean, the vice president of business and finance for the university, and four investment professionals.
An annual report of their investment activities and results will be written by the students and their work, transactions, and report are audited by an independent accounting firm, just like in a real investment fund.
Madinat ash Shamal () is the capital city of the municipality of Al Shamal in Qatar.
Located more than  north of Qatar's capital Doha, the city was delimited in 1988 and shares its boundaries with Ar Ru'ays to the east and Abu Dhalouf to the west.
In the early 1970s, the Qatari government enacted a plan to establish Madinat ash Shamal between these two villages to serve as an administrative center for the north, in line with its policy of decentralization from the capital of Doha.
Throughout the 1970s, a road system and a port were built to connect the three villages.
As part of a government housing project, 50 houses had been built in Madinat ash Shamal by 1976.
Large-scale development of Madinat ash Shamal continued through the 1980s and 1990s.
One of Qatar's larger parks, it occupies an area of 56,000 square meters.
Facilities in the park include a restaurant, café, bathrooms and a children's play area.
Water features are present in the park, as well as an irrigation system to sustain its various plants.
By 1976 the city had its first hospital, with a meager 16 beds.
At present, one of the only healthcare centers in the region is hosted by the city.
They play their home games at Al-Shamal SC Stadium, which is fashioned after a traditional fort.
28.
It would remain the headquarters of constituency no.
28 for the next three consecutive elections until the fifth municipal elections in 2015, when it was moved to constituency no.
29 and the seat was shared by Madinat ash Shamal and Ar Ru'ays.
Also included in its constituency is Abu Dhalouf, Al Jumail, Zubarah, Ain Mohammed and Al `Arish.
In the inaugural municipal elections in 1999, Saad Ali Al Nuaimi won the elections, receiving 33.3%, or 64 votes.
The runner-up candidate was Hussain Ibrahim Al Fadhalah, whose share of the votes was 18.2%, or 35 votes.
Voter turnout was 87.7% Al Nuaimi retained his seat in the 2002, 2007 and 2011 elections.
In the 2015 elections, Nasser Hassan Al-Kubaisi was elected constituency representative.
As part of the QNMP's Urban Centre plan, which aims to implement development strategies in 28 central hubs that will serve their surrounding communities, Madinat ash Shamal has been designated a Town Centre, which is the third-highest designation.
It is the only Urban Centre in the municipality.
Al Shamal Town Centre will be located at the midpoint of Madinat ash Shamal and its two neighboring settlements of Abu Dhalouf and Al Ruwais.
The plan will focus on upgrading Al Ruwais Port, increasing tourism to the area, and preserving the coastal ecosystem.
New mixed-use developments will be constructed to meet the commercial needs of the residents of the aforementioned settlements.
Some of the planned buildings include a post office, a 123,965 m² botanical garden, a theme park, a ladies club, a social centre, a new municipal office, and three new schools.
The 1978 Newham London Borough Council election for the Newham London Borough Council were held on 4 May 1978.
The whole council was up for election.
Turnout was 26.8%.
The Liberal Party didn't stand in the elections.
The Labour Party held onto its overwhelmingly majority.
Candidates included a full slate from the Labour party, whilst the Conservative party ran 33 candidates.
Other candidates included 48 Residents & Ratepayers, 1 Communist and 16 National Front.
The 1983 Upper Voltan coup d'état attempt was an event which took place on 28 February 1983, in the Republic of Upper Volta (today Burkina Faso), just a few months after a previous coup d'état on 7 November 1982, carried out by radical elements of the army against the regime of Colonel Saye Zerbo, who himself came to power in a 1980 coup against Major General Sangoulé Lamizana.
The coup attempt on 28 February, which targeted the Council of Popular Salvation and its leader Major Jean-Baptiste Ouédraogo, failed.
When they delayed they were arrested by other officials.
One of the leading putschists was a commandant who had been considered for the presidency following the 1982 coup.
When questioned about the incident, Ouédraogo told the press, "Since our regime makes many people uneasy, it is quite normal that people should plan this sort of reaction."
He publicly declared his determination to "guarantee order and security" and asserted that "the army will not allow itself to be dissuaded by tribal fights and ideologies".
He also stated that corruption and fraud in the business community had, in part, facilitated the state of "total anarchy" over which the government presided, and announced that the national administration would be restructured to mitigate the disorder.
Within a few months, he was deposed in a coup on 3 August, led by Captain Blaise Compaoré, who made his close friend Sankara President.
This began a period of societal transformation in Upper Volta, soon renamed Burkina Faso by the left-wing revolutionary Sankara, who himself would be overthrown in 1987 by Compaoré.
Patio Bullrich is an important shopping center in the Retiro section of Buenos Aires.
The auction house was long one of the city's premier sales floors for livestock, particularly prize bulls, and thoroughbreds, as well as serving as a consignment house for a variety of valuable heirlooms and other collectible items.
The upscale area's rising real estate values prompted the Bullrich family to sell the acre-size Avenida del Libertador lot to Alto Palermo, S.A., a leading local commercial real estate developer during the mid-1980s.
Alto Palermo commissioned Pfeifer & Zurdo Architects to convert the cavernous building into a shopping center.
Designing a six-story arcade they maintained some of the original aspects of Waldorp's design, including a massive clock tower numerous marble animal head wall sculptures and the neoclassical façade.
Inaugurated in August 1988, Patio Bullrich was the first of a series of new upscale shopping galleries opened in subsequent years to replace aging favorites, and pre-dated Galerías Pacífico, the better-known shopping center likewise built in a historic building, by three years.
Modernized and expanded in 1995, Patio Bullrich used to house numerous international luxury brands, including Carolina Herrera, Christian Dior, Christian Lacroix and Tiffany & Co..
There was also a stagecraft gift shop run by the Colón Theatre Foundation and four cinemas.
However, many luxury brands have been forced to abandon the Argentine market due to government's import restrictions.
Several luxury brands have expressed interest of returning to Argentina after President Mauricio Macri's government intended to relax import restrictions.
Italian luxury fashion house Ermenegildo Zegna reopened a store in Patio Bullrich in 2017.
Swiss company Bally plans to establish a shop through local partnership.
In 2018, Louis Vuitton announced that the company would return to Buenos Aires with a pop-up store in Patio Bullrich after exiting Argentina in 2012.
Auratonota yukipana is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae.
It is found in Ecuador.
Epicoma melanospila, the black spot moth, is a moth of the family Thaumetopoeidae.
It was first described by Wallengren in 1860 and it is found in Australia.
The larvae feed on Callistemon, Eucalyptus, Leptospermum and Kunzea species.
The San Francisco Rush were a professional American rugby union team that played one season in the short lived PRO Rugby competition.
They were based in San Francisco, California, and played their home games at Boxer Stadium.
Paul Keeler was announced in December 2015 as San Francisco's head coach.
On December 15, 2016, PRO Rugby announced the immediate termination of the franchise due to a wide variety of issues but mostly in regards to an unsuitable home venue and the inability to use Kezar Stadium.
Super-LOTIS is the second incarnation of the Livermore Optical Transient Imaging System, located at the Steward Observatory on Kitt Peak.
GRBs can occur anywhere in the sky, fade very quickly, and were initially poorly localized, so the original LOTIS needed very rapid slewing (less than 10 sec) and an extremely wide field of view (greater than 15 degrees).
However, this wide field of view meant it could not see faint sources, and only the brightest GRB afterglows could be studied.
Later satellites such as HETE-2, and  BATSE detector of the Compton Gamma Ray Observatory, delivered much more accurate GRB coordinates in real-time.
This enabled the construction of Super-LOTIS, based upon a Boller and Chivens 0.6 meter telescope, with a much smaller field of view (originally 51' by 51'), but much deeper imaging.
After a few years of operation in this mode (2000 to 2003), the Swift Gamma-Ray Burst Mission was launched in 2004 providing even smaller error boxes.
The super-LOTIS optics were modified again, now with a 17' by 17' field of view at the secondary focus, and a simultaneous visible/NIR camera.
To achieve the needed response time, Super-LOTIS is fully automated and connected via Internet socket to the Gamma-ray Burst Coordinates Network.
It is still in operation as of 2012.
Since GRB searches only occupy a small fraction of the possible observing time, Super-LOTIS is also used for supernova searches and general astronomy.
Gnorismoneura stereomorpha is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae.
It is found in Sichuan, China.
The Alliance for Progressive Government (APG), a political pressure group in the Isle of Man, was formed in 1991 as a grouping of members of the House of Keys (MHKs) who wanted to provide a coherent opposition to the Manx government.
They were initially called the Alternative Policy Group, before changing their name to the Alliance for Progressive Government in 1998.
At their formation they had five MHKs, and in the 1996 general election they had six members elected.
Two more were elected at by-elections, giving them at one stage eight out of the 24 members of the House of Keys; but 3 MHKs resigned from the Alliance between 1996 and 2001.
In the 2001 election they had three members elected (out of four candidates nominated).
The APG MHKs made a point of advancing alternative policies to the Isle of Man Government, as well as questioning and scrutinising government policy.
Khar Khuni (, also Romanized as Khar Khūnī; also known as Khajā Khūnī) is a village in Kharajgil Rural District, Asalem District, Talesh County, Gilan Province, Iran.
At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.
Labour Day (Labor Day in the United States) is an annual holiday to celebrate the achievements of workers.
Labour Day has its origins in the labour union movement, specifically the eight-hour day movement, which advocated eight hours for work, eight hours for recreation, and eight hours for rest.
For most countries, Labour Day is synonymous with, or linked with, International Workers' Day, which occurs on 1 May.
For other countries, Labour Day is celebrated on a different date, often one with special significance for the labour movement in that country.
Labour Day is a public holiday in many countries.
In Canada and the United States, the holiday is celebrated on the first Monday of September and considered the unofficial end of summer, with summer vacations ending and students returning to school around then.
Some countries vary the actual date of their celebrations so that the holiday occurs on a Monday close to 1 May.
Some countries have a holiday at or around this date, but it is not a 'Labour day' celebration.
It is the first Monday in October in the Australian Capital Territory, New South Wales and South Australia.
In Victoria and Tasmania, it is the second Monday in March (though the latter calls it Eight Hours Day).
In Western Australia, Labour Day is the first Monday in March.
In Queensland and the Northern Territory, Labour Day occurs on the first Monday in May (though the latter calls it May Day).
It is on the fourth Monday of March in the territory of Christmas Island.
The first march for an eight-hour day by the labour movement occurred in Melbourne on 21 April 1856.
On this day stonemasons and building workers on building sites around Melbourne stopped work and marched from the University of Melbourne to Parliament House to achieve an eight-hour day.
Their direct action protest was a success, and they are noted as being among the first organised workers in the world to achieve an 8-hour day, with no loss of pay.
The traditional date of Labour Day in the Bahamas, however, is 7 June, in commemoration of a significant workers' strike that began on that day in 1942.
Labour Day is meant to honor and celebrate workers and the importance of their contributions to the nation and society.
In the capital city, Nassau, thousands of people come to watch a parade through the streets, which begins at mid-morning.
Bands in colorful uniforms, traditional African junkanoo performers, and members of various labour unions and political parties are all part of the procession, which ends up at the Southern Recreation Grounds, where government officials make speeches for the occasion.
For many residents and visitors to the Bahamas, the afternoon of Labour Day is a time to relax at home or perhaps visit the beach.
The origins of Labour Day in Canada can be traced back to December 1872 when a parade was staged in support of the Toronto Typographical Union's strike for a 58-hour work-week, almost a full decade before a similar event in New York City by the American Knights of Labor, a late 19th-century U.S. labor federation, launched the movement towards the American Labor Day holiday.
The Toronto Trades Assembly (TTA) called its 27 unions to demonstrate in support of the Typographical Union who had been on strike since 25 March.
George Brown, Canadian politician and editor of the Toronto Globe hit back at his striking employees, pressing police to charge the Typographical Union with "conspiracy."
Although the laws criminalising union activity were outdated and had already been abolished in Great Britain, they were still on the books in Canada and police arrested 24 leaders of the Typographical Union.
Labour leaders decided to call another similar demonstration on 3 September to protest the arrests.
Seven unions marched in Ottawa, prompting a promise by Canadian Prime Minister Sir John A. Macdonald to repeal the "barbarous" anti-union laws.
Parliament passed the Trade Union Act on 14 June the following year, and soon all unions were seeking a 54-hour work-week.
The Toronto Trades and Labour Council (successor to the TTA) held similar celebrations every spring.
American Peter J. McGuire, co-founder of the American Federation of Labor, was asked to speak at a labour festival in Toronto, Ontario, Canada on 22 July 1882.
Returning to the United States, McGuire and the Knights of Labor organised a similar parade based on the Canadian event on 5 September 1882 in New York City, USA.
On 23 July 1894, Canadian Prime Minister John Thompson and his government made Labour Day, to be held in September, an official holiday.
In the United States, the New York parade became an annual event that year, and in 1894 was adopted by American president Grover Cleveland to compete with International Workers' Day (May Day).
While Labour Day parades and picnics are organised by unions, many Canadians regard Labour Day as the Monday of the last long weekend of summer.
Non-union celebrations include picnics, fireworks displays, water activities, and public art events.
Since the new school year generally starts right after Labour Day, families with school-age children take it as the last chance to travel before the end of summer.
An old fashioned tradition in Canada and the United States frowns upon the wearing of white after Labour Day.
Explanations for this tradition vary; the most common is that white is a summer colour and Labour Day unofficially marks the end of summer.
The rule may have been intended as a status symbol for new members of the upper and middle classes in the late 19th and early 20th century.
A Labour Day tradition in Atlantic Canada is the Wharf Rat Rally in Digby, Nova Scotia, while the rest of Canada watches the Labour Day Classic, a Canadian Football League event where rivals like Calgary Stampeders and Edmonton Eskimos, Hamilton Tiger-Cats and Toronto Argonauts (except in 2011 and 2013, due to scheduling conflicts), and Saskatchewan Roughriders and Winnipeg Blue Bombers play on Labour Day weekend.
Before the demise of the Ottawa Renegades after the 2005 season, that team played the nearby Montreal Alouettes on Labour Day weekend.
Since the 2014 CFL season, when the Ottawa Redblacks began play, the Montreal–Ottawa Labour Day tradition has once again been observed.
Likewise, Ontario University Athletics has a long-established tradition to play university football on Labour Day.
The Labour Day parade in Grand Falls-Windsor, Newfoundland started in 1921 and still continues today, over 90 years later.
The celebrations go on for three days with a parade on Labour Day Monday.
As its name suggests, the day was used to celebrate the British Empire, complete with flag-raising ceremonies and the singing of patriotic songs.
In 1961, Jamaican Chief Minister Norman Washington Manley proposed the replacement of Empire Day with Labour Day, a celebration in commemoration of 23 May 1938, when Alexander Bustamante led a labour rebellion leading to Jamaican independence.
In 1972, Jamaican Prime Minister Michael Manley promoted Labour Day as a showcase for the importance of labour to the development of Jamaica, and a day of voluntary community participation to beneficial projects.
Since then, Labour Day has been not only a public holiday but also a day of mass community involvement around the country.
The holiday was officially established in late 2013.
In 1995, the government of Kazakhstan replaced International Workers' Day with Kazakhstan People's Unity Day.
Kazakh President Nursultan Nazarbayev also instituted a special medal that is awarded to veterans of labor on the occasion of the holiday.
Labor Day it is widely celebrated across the country with official speeches, award ceremonies, cultural events, etc.
It is a non-working holiday for most citizens of Kazakhstan because it always falls on a weekend.
Its origins are traced back to the eight-hour working day movement that arose in the newly founded Wellington colony in 1840, primarily because of carpenter Samuel Parnell's refusal to work more than eight hours a day.
He encouraged other tradesmen also to work for only eight hours a day and in October 1840, a workers' meeting passed a resolution supporting the idea.
On 28 October 1890, the 50th anniversary of the eight-hour day was commemorated with a parade.
The event was then celebrated annually in late October as either Labour Day or Eight-Hour Demonstration Day.
In 1899 government legislated that the day be a public holiday from 1900.
The day was celebrated on different days in different provinces.
This led to ship owners complaining that seamen were taking excessive holidays by having one Labour Day in one port then another in their next port.
In 1910 the government stipulated that the holiday would be observed on the same day throughout the nation.
This holiday was proposed in 1973 to be commemorated on the anniversary of the 1937 Butler labour riots.
It is customarily viewed as the end of the summer vacation season.
Many schools open for the year on the day after Labor Day.
The holiday is shared with Canada, where it is known as Labour Day (Fête du Travail in French).
Philenora is a genus of moths in the subfamily Arctiinae.
The genus was erected by Rudolph Rosenstock in 1885.
Contactin-2 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the CNTN2 gene.
It is a glycosylphosphatidylinositol (GPI)-anchored neuronal membrane protein that functions as a cell adhesion molecule.
It may play a role in the formation of axon connections in the developing nervous system.
It may also be involved in glial tumorigenesis and may provide a potential target for therapeutic intervention.
Ahmad Ahmadi () (born 11 September 1990) is an Iranian professional sailor which competed in the 2014 Asian Games, three Olympic qualifiers for London 2012, and the 2016 Olympic Games.
His which his best result was finishing 9th in 2015 Qingdao World Cup in finals.
He currently on his third Olympic campaign toward Tokyo 2020 Olympics.
4+1 Ensemble is an album by American keyboardist and composer Wayne Horvitz recorded in 1996 and released on the German Intuition label.
The name of the group refers to its membership: four men playing standard musical instruments, plus an additional person processing their performances with various electronic effects in real-time.
Synne Skinnes Hansen (born 12 August 1995) is a Norwegian football midfielder, who has played for the Norway women's national football team since 2016 and for Linköping since 2020.
Skinnes Hansen played in the top series for the Norway first division team Røa IL, who had won Toppserien the year before, starting in 2012.
The title could not be defended and Røa was only fourth.
In the following years, Røa commuted between 3rd and 8th place.
She also played for Røa for the first time in the 2012–13 UEFA Women's Champions League, where Røa was eliminated against the later winner VfL Wolfsburg in the round of 16 after a 4–1 away defeat and a 1–1 home win.
After five years with Røa, in 2017, she moved to new champions, Lillestrøm SK Kvinner.
With Lillestrøm she won the Norwegian Championship in 2017 and 2018 and the Norwegian Football Cup in 2018.
She played for Lillestrøm in the 2017–18 UEFA Women's Champions League, where Lillestrøm lost twice to Manchester City W.F.C.
in the round of 16.
In the 2018–19 UEFA Women's Champions League FC Barcelona Femení were stronger in the quarter-finals.
She scored her first CL goal in the Round of 16 in a 2–0 away win over Brøndby IF.
A year later, she and her team reached the semi-finals of the 2014 UEFA Women's Under-19 Championship in their home country, but lost 2–0 to Spain.
Her time in the U-19 ended with eight matches with the U-23 team.
On 15 September 2016, she was substituted for captain Maren Mjelde in the 10–0 UEFA Women's Euro 2017 qualifying match against Kazakhstan for her first A international at 7–0 in the 68th minute.
She had to wait a year for her next match.
She was therefore not nominated for the European Championship 2017, when Norway was eliminated for the first time without scoring a goal.
Also in the following games she was only substituted and also played again for the U-23.
On 8 June 2018 she was then in the qualification game against Ireland for the first time in the starting eleven and was allowed to play 90 minutes.
In 2019, she was in the starting eleven in all games until the nomination of the World Cup squad, but was almost always replaced, and achieved her first tournament success in the Algarve Cup 2019.
On 2 May, she was nominated for the 2019 World Cup.
Butedale is a ghost town on Princess Royal Island, in British Columbia, Canada.
It was founded in 1918 as a fishing, mining and logging camp.
Initially the salmon cannery was established by Western Packers which was purchased and operated by the Canadian Fishing Company until it ceased operating in the 1950s.
At its peak the summertime population of Butedale was over 400 people.
There is a small dam which generates power from Butedale Lake immediately behind the town.
Impressive Butedale Falls flows out of the lake into the ocean immediately to the right of the wharves.
The Butedale Founders Association talked about restoring the town but it is quickly falling to ruin.
It is a popular point of interest for cruise ship and ferry passengers sailing the Inside Passage of British Columbia.
The site is accessible only by boat or floatplane.
The women's 1000 metres race of the 2015–16 ISU Speed Skating World Cup 2, arranged in the Utah Olympic Oval, in Salt Lake City, United States, was held on November 22, 2015.
Brittany Bowe of the United States won the race on a new world record, while Zhang Hong of China came second, and Heather Richardson-Bergsma of the United States came third.
Yekaterina Shikhova of Russia won the Division B race.
Ideal Toy Company was an American toy company founded by Morris and Rose Michtom.
During the post–World War II baby boom era, Ideal became the largest doll-making company in the United States.
Their most popular dolls included Betsy Wetsy, Toni, Saucy Walker, Shirley Temple, Miss Revlon, Patti Playpal, Tammy, Thumbelina, Tiny Thumbelina, and Crissy.
Their last big hit was the Rubik's Cube.
After Michtom's death in 1938, the company changed its name to the Ideal Toy Company, and Michtom's nephew Abraham Katz became chief executive.
During World War II, the company's value rose from $2 million to $11 million.
The company's dolls were so popular during the post–World War II baby boom era, they began selling dolls under license in Canada, Australia, the United Kingdom, and Brazil.
Key Ideal employees during the 1950s, '60s, and '70s were Lionel A. Weintraub and Joseph C. Winkler.
Weintraub, the son-in-law of Abraham Katz, joined the company in 1941 and rose to become president, chairman of the board, and chief executive officer.
Winkler joined Ideal in 1956, rising to vice president by 1971.
In 1951, Ideal partnered with competitors the American Character Doll Company and the Alexander Doll Company to establish the United States-Israeli Toy and Plastic Corporation, designed to produce material for toys in Israel and the U.S.
Ideal CEO Abraham Katz was named president of the new company.
In 1968, the American Character Doll Company filed for bankruptcy, and Ideal acquired the defunct company's dyes, patents, and trademarks, as well as specific products like the "Tressy" Gro-Hair doll.
In late 1971, Ideal joined the New York Stock Exchange; valued at $71 million, it was one of the U.S.'s top three toy companies.
By 1970, Ideal had outgrown its manufacturing complex in Hollis, Queens.
The company wanted to build a new plant in College Point, Queens (later the site of Shea Stadium), but was unable to strike a deal with the Lindsay administration.
Consequently, the company opened a new facility in Newark, New Jersey, in the early 1970s, while continuing to operate its factory in Hollis.
Ideal had earnings of $3.7 million in fiscal year 1979-1980, but lost $15.5 million in fiscal year 1980-1981.
(Sales both years averaged c. $150 million.)
Trying to maximize profits on the Rubik's Cube craze, in May 1981 Ideal filed civil suits against dozens of distributors and retailers selling knockoff cubes.
In May 1981, Joseph Winkler was named Ideal's president, succeeding Lionel Weintraub, who remained chairman and CEO.
In 1982, the company moved its headquarters from Hollis, Queens, to Harmon Meadow, New Jersey.
It was sold to CBS Toys later that year for c. $58 million.
In 1987, CBS sold Ideal to Viewmaster International, which renamed itself View-Master Ideal in the process.
In 1989, View-Master Ideal was bought by Tyco Toys of Mt.
Laurel, New Jersey, for $43.9 million.
The Ideal line remained part of Tyco until Tyco’s merger with Mattel, Inc., in 1997.
Ideal's United Kingdom assets were sold to Hasbro, which has since released Mouse Trap and KerPlunk under its MB Games brand.
Other toys that originated with Ideal continue to be marketed and sold by other companies, including Rubik's Cube by Hasbro and Magic 8-ball by Mattel.
The Ideal trademarks, and most toy molds not purchased by Hasbro or Mattel, were purchased by Jay Horowitz of American Plastic Equipment, who later transferred all rights to American Plastic Equipment's subsidiary, American Classic Toys.
Mr. Horowitz licensed the trademark and toy rights to Plaza Toys, to be used on its Fiddlestix building sticks products, and eventually sold the mark and toy rights in January 2011 to Poof-Slinky.
In January 2014, the Ideal brand and toy rights became part of a new company, Alex Brands, after the May 2013 acquisition of Alex Toys by Propel Equity Partners.
In early 2019, Jay Horowitz of American Classic Toys, entered into an exclusive license agreement with the Juna Group to represent select Ideal brands - not included in the sale to Poof-Slinky - in all categories outside of toys and playthings, worldwide.
Their first doll was “Yellow Kid” from Richard Felton Outcault's comic strip of the same name.
After that Ideal began making a line of baby and character dolls such as Naughty Marietta (from the Victor Herbert operetta), and Admiral Dot.
Ideal advertised their dolls as "unbreakable," since they were made of composition, a material made of sawdust and glue.
Ideal produced over 200 variations of dolls throughout the composition era.
Understanding branding well, Ideal had a boy doll launched in 1914 named the Uneeda Kid, after a biscuit company.
One of Ideal's most lasting products was Betsy Wetsy, introduced in 1934 and in production for more than 50 years.
The doll was named after the daughter of Abraham Katz, the head of the company.
Ideal, via the Betsy Wetsy doll, was also one of the first doll manufacturers to produce an African American version of a popular doll.
In 2003, the Toy Industry Association named Betsy Wetsy to its Century of Toys List, a compilation commemorating the 100 most memorable and most creative toys of the 20th century.
Debuting in 1934, the Shirley Temple doll was their best-selling doll.
Ideal follow up with licensed Disney dolls and a Judy Garland doll.
Two cosmetics-based doll series were launched after World War II: Toni was introduced at the end of the 1940s, followed by the 1950s-dominating Miss Revlon series.
Ideal had a hobby division in the 1950s, but shifted from that to games in 1962.
By the early 1970s, 30% of the company's sales were games such as Mouse Trap and Hands Down.
Doll designer Judith Albert worked for Ideal Toy Company from 1960–1982.
Master sculptor Vincent J. DeFilippo spent 27 years creating dolls for Ideal from 1963–1980.
Some of the company's most popular dolls during this period were Tammy (1962–1966), Flatsy dolls (1969–1973), Crissy (1969–1974), and Tressy (1970–1972).
Popular Ideal toys in the 1970s included a full line of Evel Knievel toys, Snoopy toys, and the Tuesday Taylor and Wake-up Thumbelina dolls.
For a short time, the company had a huge seller with the Magic Cube, which it imported from Hungary in 1980 and renamed Rubik's Cube.
You can make me happy!"
Spodnji Stari Grad () is a settlement on the left bank of the Sava River in the Municipality of Krško in eastern Slovenia.
The area was traditionally part of Styria.
It is now included with the rest of the municipality in the Lower Sava Statistical Region.
Wyandotte and the Wyandot are the members of native American Wyandotte Nation.
Charles Kenningham (18 November 1860 – 24 October 1925) was an English opera singer and actor best remembered for his roles in the 1890s with the D'Oyly Carte Opera Company.
After singing as a boy soprano, Kenningham briefly served in the 5th Dragoon Guards.
After nearly five years' service as a tenor at Canterbury Cathedral, he performed in Arthur Sullivan's grand opera Ivanhoe in 1891.
He then became principal tenor with the D'Oyly Carte Opera Company until 1898.
There he created several roles, including the tenor roles in the last two Gilbert and Sullivan operas.
He was also a composer who had a number of songs published in the 1890s.
From 1898 to 1906, he toured in Australia and New Zealand with the J. C. Williamson opera company.
He began his musical career as a boy soprano soloist, at the age of eight, at Holy Trinity Church in Hull.
Two years later he was principal boy chorister at St Paul's Cathedral in London, where he studied the organ with John Stainer.
After his voice changed, he became the organist and choir master at St Luke's Church, Hull, at the age of age fourteen.
After an engagement with a short-lived stage company he enlisted in the 5th Dragoon Guards.
With that military company, he travelled to Egypt in 1882, taking part in two engagements.
He then returned to England, where he was stationed at York and gave organ recitals, earning enough from them to purchase his military discharge.
Kenningham's London stage debut was at the Adelphi Theatre in 1882 as Duvalor in a single matinée performance of Haydn Millars's operetta Mariette's Wedding.
He was appointed principal tenor at Canterbury Cathedral, where he sang for almost five years.
He went on to create the role of Maurice de Bracy in Sir Arthur Sullivan's grand opera, Ivanhoe, at the Royal English Opera House from January to July 1891.
He replaced Courtice Pounds as Indru at the Savoy Theatre in October 1891 before returning to the Royal English Opera House to play Jeban D'Eveille in La Basoche by André Messager, and reprising his role as de Bracy in Ivanhoe for six performances during November and December 1891.
Kenningham rejoined D'Oyly Carte on tour in March 1892 in the role of the Reverend Harry Sandford in The Vicar of Bray.
Returning to the Savoy Theatre in September 1892, he created the parts of Oswald in Haddon Hall, Tom in Jane Annie, and Captain Fitzbattleaxe in Gilbert and Sullivan's penultimate opera, Utopia, Limited.
When Courtice Pounds returned to the Savoy Theatre in July 1894 to take the tenor lead in Mirette, Kenningham rejoined the D'Oyly Carte touring company as Fitzbattleaxe until October 1894, leaving to create the part of Erling in W. S. Gilbert and Osmond Carr's His Excellency at the Lyric Theatre from October 1894 to April 1895.
Kenningham returned to D'Oyly Carte in July 1895 to tour as Cyril in Princess Ida, Fitzbattleaxe in Utopia Limited, and Count Vasquez in The Chieftain.
Kenningham returned to the Savoy Theatre as Nanki-Poo in The Mikado in November 1895, a revival that lasted until March 1896, when he created the part of Ernest Dummkopf in the last Gilbert and Sullivan opera, The Grand Duke.
He remained at the Savoy until May 1898, and appeared successively as Nanki-Poo from July 1896 to February 1897, Prince Max in His Majesty from February to April 1897, and Colonel Fairfax in The Yeomen of the Guard from May to November 1897.
He played Fritz in D'Oyly Carte's revival of The Grand Duchess of Gerolstein, from December 1897 to March 1898, and Marco in The Gondoliers from March to May 1898.
He wrote both the words and the music for "Can it be Love" and "Love of my Life 'tis You".
His song "Since thou hast come", to lyrics by H Cornell, was sung by Ivor McKay at the inaugural concert of The Proms in August 1895.
From 1898 to 1906, Kenningham toured in Australia and New Zealand for J. C. Williamson, who had bought the rights to produce the Gilbert and Sullivan operas there from Richard D'Oyly Carte.
Kenningham performed in the leading tenor roles in The Yeomen of the Guard, H.M.S.
Pinafore, The Pirates of Penzance, The Sorcerer, Patience, Iolanthe, Princess Ida, The Mikado, The Gondoliers and Utopia, Limited.
He also played Lancelot in La poupée in 1899 and Donegal in Florodora in 1900.
Kenningham died in Australia at the age of 64.
St. Boniface Catholic Church  is a parish of the Diocese of Sioux City.
The church is located in a residential area west of downtown Sioux City, Iowa, United States.
The parish buildings form a nationally recognized historic district that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998 as St. Boniface Historic District.
At the time of its nomination it contained three resources, all of them contributing buildings.
It was the second parish in the city.
They purchased two lots on the corner of West Fifth and Main Streets for $1,500.
The Rev.
John A Gerleman was appointed the parish's first pastor on Christmas Eve 1886.
A small frame church was built and the first Mass in the church was celebrated on July 17, 1887.
The parish school opened the same year with Franciscan Sisters from Dubuque, Iowa teaching in the school.
The parish was started when Sioux City was still in the Diocese of Dubuque.
It became a parish in the Sioux City diocese when it was formed in 1902.
In 1906 Franciscan Friars from the Sacred Heart Province started serving the parish.
That year the Rev.
Seraphin Lampe, OFM, became the pastor that year and plans were made for a new church.
A new church and rectory were built on West Fifth Street between Omaha and Cook Streets.
Brother Leonard Darschield, OFM, designed the new church in the Romanesque Revival style.
The new church was dedicated by Bishop Philip Garrigan on September 4, 1911.
That same a year a new convent for the sisters was built.
It was also designed by Brother Leonard and looked similar to the church and rectory.
It was torn down in 1993 to add parking spaces after a fire gutted its interior.
The present school building and heating plant were designed by prominent Sioux City architect William LaBarthe Steele, and completed in 1924.
The Sisters of the Living Word started staffing the school in 1975.
In 1986 the Franciscan Friars left the parish and were replaced by priests from the diocese.
The schools from St. Boniface, St. Joseph, and the Cathedral of the Epiphany consolidated in 1987 to form Holy Family School.
Subsequently, the three parishes have been clustered as well.
Weekend Masses are celebrated in St Boniface Church in English and Spanish.
At the time it was built, St. Boniface Church was the tallest structure in Sioux City.
The exterior is clad with brick from Buffalo, New York and the trim is in Bedford limestone.
The building features a symmetrical facade of three bays, four roof dormers each on the north and south elevations, and a rounded apse on the east elevation.
The 66 stained glass windows in the church include round-arch widows and a rose window.
They were produced in Munich, Germany in 1910.
The interior features a rib vaulted ceiling that rises  above the floor.
The original wood altars were carved by a Franciscan brother.
Statues of St. Boniface and St. Patrick are located on the high altar, while statues of the Blessed Virgin Mary and St. Joseph are on the side altars.
A social hall is located in the basement.
The attached rectory is a 2½-story front gable residence that features the same detailing and materials as the church.
The two-story brick school building was designed to reflect the style of the church.
It features a projecting center bay on its north elevation that includes the main entrance.
It has a flat roof.
The building has been altered over the years.
The simple, two-story brick power plant was built at the same time as the school.
It is located directly behind the school building and it includes a  tall concrete smokestack.
Agapanthia lais is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
It was described by Reiche in 1858.
The Central European boar (Sus scrofa scrofa) is a subspecies of wild boar, currently distributed across almost all of mainland Europe, with the exception of some northern areas in both Scandinavia and European Russia and the southernmost parts of Greece.
It is a medium-sized, dark to rusty-brown haired subspecies with long and relatively narrow lacrimal bones.
In Northern Italy, artificially introduced S. s. scrofa have extensively interbred with the smaller sized indigenous S. s. majori populations since the 1950s.
The boar features prominently in Scandinavian, Germanic and Anglo-Saxon culture, with its image having been frequently engraved on helmets, shields and swords.
According to Tacitus, the Baltic Aesti featured boars on their helmets, and may have also worn boar masks.
The boar and pig were held in particularly high esteem by the Celts, who considered them to be their most important sacred animal.
Some Celtic deities linked to boars include Moccus and Veteris.
It has been suggested that some early myths surrounding the Welsh hero Culhwch involved the character being the son of a boar god.
Nevertheless, the importance of the boar as a culinary item among Celtic tribes may have been exaggerated in popular culture by the Asterix series, as wild boar bones are rare among Celtic archaeological sites, and the few that occur show no signs of butchery, having probably been used in sacrificial rituals.
The Psychotechnic League is a future history created by American science fiction writer Poul Anderson.
The name "Psychotechnic League" was coined by Sandra Miesel in the early 1980s, to capitalize on Anderson's better-known Polesotechnic League future history.
Anderson published 21 novels, novellas and short stories set in this future between 1949 and 1957, with a 22nd published in 1968.
Anderson did not write the stories in chronological order; instead, as Robert A. Heinlein did with his own Future History stories, he wrote whichever story in the series he wanted to, and trusted his readers to make the connections between them.
Anderson included a series timeline in the Winter 1955 issue of Startling Stories to accompany the novella "The Snows of Ganymede".
By the late 1950s, Anderson's political beliefs had altered to the point where he was uncomfortable with the political philosophy underlying the series, and he abandoned it.
In particular, he had completely reversed his earlier strong support for the United Nations as the nucleus of a world government, a stance which formed the main plot element of several earlier stories in the series.
Sandra Miesel wrote a new prologue that was added to the series' republication in the 1980s and formally transformed it from future history into alternate history.
Her prologue took the divergence point from our own history as the (premature) death of U.S. President Dwight D. Eisenhower in 1956 (in our world he died in 1969), and the assumption of power by a younger, hotheaded Richard Nixon, which led to exacerbation of the Cold War and a devastating nuclear war in 1958.
In the war's aftermath, a science called psychodynamics is created.
Like Isaac Asimov's psychohistory, psychodynamics can be used to predict and guide the future course of social evolution.
An organization called the Psychotechnic Institute is founded in the 1970s that uses psychodynamics to influence government policy and popular attitudes, with the goal of redirecting society towards greater rationality and internationalism.
The Psychotechnic Institute assists a reborn United Nations based in Rio de Janeiro to become a world government, and also encourages space colonization.
The Order of Planetary Engineers is established on the Moon with the goal of assisting in the terraforming of the Solar System.
Early in the 22nd century, as the settlements on the Moon, Venus, Mars, and the Asteroid Belt grow in importance, the United Nations is succeeded by the Solar Union.
By the late 22nd century, the Psychotechnic Institute becomes a victim of its own success.
An automated economy has created massive unemployment, which gives rise to an antitechnology movement called Humanism (a term having little to do with the historical philosophy of Humanism, and is indeed in many ways antithetical to it).
Around 2170, the Humanists seize control of Earth, withdraw from the Solar Union, and abolish the Psychotechnic Institute.
The Humanist regime quickly grows unpopular, and is overthrown by a popular uprising aided by Mars and Venus.
However, the Psychotechnic Institute is not revived, and, in its absence, technic civilization begins a slow and steady descent into extremism which results in a new dark age starting in the 24th century.
The Second Dark Ages lift in the 27th century, followed by the discovery of a form of faster-than-light travel that leads to interstellar colonization and commerce, and the creation of the Stellar Union and its enforcement agency, the Coordination Service.
Eleven of the stories in the Psychotechnic League series take place before the Second Dark Ages, and eleven take place after; none take place during the Second Dark Ages.
The perception of human history as composed of civilizations which arise, flourish, and fall, followed by a dark age and the rise of a new civilization, was also the basis of Anderson's later future history with the Polesotechnic League followed by the Terran Empire.
Specifically, the situation depicted in "Brake" - with the protagonists heroically managing to put off, but unable to prevent, the inevitable destructive collapse of their civilization - clearly foreshadows the atmosphere of the Dominic Flandry series.
(…) In "Marius" we meet Stephen Rostomily as already a combat veteran in a ravaged Europe, where even the basic necessities of life are scarce – and at that, Europe is relatively fortunate, with Russia and China having been reduced to "howling cannibals".
Yet in reading "The un-man" we find that that ravaged world had been able to embark on a full-scale colonization of Mars, quickly enough for Rostomily to have spent most of his adult life there.
Knowing what we know now about space programs and how much they cost, this is utter nonsense – unless, within a decade or so of the world-destroying war, this timeline managed to achieve anti-gravity or another miracle way of jumping at a low cost out of Earth's gravity well.
Which is also highly implausible, to say the least.
Otherwise, it is very unlikely that anyone would have conceived of spending scarce resources on space flight, and even the first Lunar landing would have had to wait until much later than 1969.
This was followed by The Snows of Ganymede, half of Ace Double D-303 in 1958, and a paperback edition of Virgin Planet published by Beacon Books in 1959.
"Un-Man" was included in Un-Man and Other Novellas as half of Ace Double F-139 in 1962.
Star Ways was reprinted by Ace Books in 1978 under the title The Peregrine, and Virgin Planet was reprinted by Baen Books in 2000.
In the early 1980s, Tor Books collected sixteen of the stories (including Virgin Planet), with forewords and intertextual commentary by Sandra Miesel, into three volumes under the general title "The Psychotechnic League".
The name was an homage to Anderson's better known future history series about the Polesotechnic League, a future interstellar version of the historical Hanseatic League.
The third volume also included a modified version of the timeline from Startling Stories.
Miesel dealt with the divergence of the fictional 20th century history from actual history by converting the series from future history to alternate history.
"The Acolytes" was published in August Derleth's 1953 anthology Worlds of Tomorrow under the title "The Tinkler"; "The Green Thumb" was published in Ivan Howard's 1964 anthology Masters of Science Fiction; and "The Stranger Was Himself" was included in Anderson's 1989 collection Space Folk under the title "Symmetry".
Anderson, Poul, Introduction, The Peregrine, 1978, .
Anderson, Poul, Author's Notes, The Psychotechnic League, 1981, .
Miesel, Sandra, Chronology of the Future, Starship, 1982, .
En Thamizh En Makkal (My Tamil, My People) is a 1988 Indian Tamil-language political drama film directed by Santhana Bharathi.
The film stars Sivaji Ganesan, Vadivukkarasi, Nizhalgal Ravi Chinni Jayanth and Major Sundarrajan in lead roles.
The film had musical score by Gangai Amaran.
This is last movie of Sivaji, from his homeproduction.
Shaharut () is a community settlement in the far south of Israel.
Located 40 kilometers north of Eilat, and six kilometers west of Yotvata on a ridge above the Arabah valley, it falls under the jurisdiction of Hevel Eilot Regional Council.
In  it had a population of .
It is the only settlement in the area that is not in the valley.
Anthony Jordan Malbon (born 14 October 1991) is an English footballer who plays for Northern Premier League Division One South club Kidsgrove Athletic.
He played for Port Vale between 2009–10, before he signed with Leek Town in summer 2010.
He moved on to Newcastle the following year.
He also played on loan for both Leek and Newcastle during his time at Vale.
In January 2012, he moved up three divisions to play for Conference side Kidderminster Harriers.
He was called up to the England C squad in May 2012, but did not win a cap.
He was named on the Conference Team of the Year for the 2012–13 season.
He switched to Stalybridge Celtic in June 2014, and the joined Kidsgrove Athletic in December 2014.
He made his Football League debut as a substitute in a 2–1 win over Barnet on 2 May 2009.
This came after picking up the club's Youth Player of the Year award the previous week.
During the 2008–09 season, he scored 23 goals in the Youth league, and he was voted Youth Player of the Year by the Port Vale management.
In February 2010 Malbon Joined Leek Town of the Northern Premier League Division One South for three games on a work experience deal.
He scored a brace on his debut.
He was offered his first (one year) professional contract at Vale Park at the end of the season.
In the 2010–11 pre-season, manager Micky Adams was pleased with Malbon's development, having witnessed the youngster score in two successive friendlies.
The "Valiants" denied Leek the opportunity to sign the youngster permanently.
In October 2010, Malbon went on loan to Newcastle Town, and impressed enough to earn an extension to the loan.
In November 2010, Malbon left Port Vale by mutual consent.
He immediately signed with Leek Town, rather than Newcastle Town.
His scoring record at Leek attracted attention from Conference clubs.
However a trial at Stockport County was ended after manager Ray Mathias was replaced by Dietmar Hamann.
Malbon subsequently signed a one-year deal with Newcastle Town.
Manager Steve Burr thanked the "Castle" for allowing the deal, and stated that "he comes across as a lad who really wants the opportunity to come and succeed here, and who is hungry to do that."
He made his debut from the bench on 21 January, netting the first goal of a 2–0 win at Alfreton Town.
On 28 April, he had to be airlifted from the pitch at Aggborough after he "suffered a significant blow to his head and neck and was unconscious for a couple of minutes."
He signed a new two-year contract in March 2013, having hit a streak of 11 goals in 12 games to send Harriers to the top of the table.
Malbon and strike partner Michael Gash finished the 2012–13 season as the division's joint-third highest scorers with 19 goals, helping Kidderminster to secure a play-off place with a second-place finish.
At the end of the season he was voted onto the Conference Team of the Year, alongside teammates Lee Vaughan and Josh Gowling.
He found goals more difficult to come by in the 2013–14 season as new manager Andy Thorn switched to a one striker system, leaving Malbon to sometimes feature from the bench or in midfield.
He made five appearances, scoring once, before he was released and joined Kidsgrove Athletic in December 2014.
The "Grove" finished 20th in the Northern Premier League Division One South in 2014–15, 15th in 2015–16, and 12th in 2016–17.
He rejected a move up a division to join Nantwich Town in February 2016.
He scored 25 goals in the 2016–17 season.
However he missed large parts of the 2017–18 season due to injury, whilst also began to adapt his game to become more of a target-man forward.
Kidsgrove finished tenth in the 2018–19 season.
The Lope de Vega Theatre () is a small Baroque Revival theatre that was built for the Ibero-American Exposition of 1929 in Seville, Spain, in the same building as the Exhibition Casino.
It stands in the Maria Luisa Park just north of the Pavilion of Peru.
The theater is named after the famous 16th-century Spanish playwright Lope de Vega.
After the exposition the theatre had a mixed history.
It suffered damage from fire and flood.
At times it was closed and at times was partially restored and reopened.
The building has been used as a hospital and as a trade show venue.
Following its most recent renovation the theatre has become one of Seville's most important centres for cultural events.
He chose a Baroque style that reflected Levantine influences.
Elements of Baroque architecture were used in the physical structure as well as in the ornamentation.
The theatre hall was fronted by the exhibition casino, which is roofed by a dome decorated in ceramics.
The hall was laid out according to the canons of Italian opera, with two wings and 1,025 seats, and was one of the most modern theaters in Spain in its day.
The decor by Martínez del Cid y Zaragoza was dominated by red, with fine details in gold and ivory decorating the roof and railings, and with the door and furniture painted green.
Construction of the  theatre took just two years and included installation of an automatic electric generator which often failed, interrupting the performances.
The cost was 1.2 million pesetas, a huge amount at the time.
The theater was inaugurated on 30 March 1929 with a comedy by Martinez Serra entitled The Blind Heart (El Corazón Ciego).
During the exhibition the building was illuminated, like other buildings of the exhibition, with powerful external spotlights that enhanced the attractive appearance of the hall.
It was closed for a while, then re-opened as the Municipal Theatre Lope de Vega in 1936.
The event was celebrated with a dance orchestra in the terrace beside the casino.
The new opening did not last long.
During the Civil War (1936–1939) the casino became a hospital, with the walls freshly painted white.
A fire in the theater destroyed the central chandelier and all the seats.
Also, the Guadalquivir river overflowed to flood the pit.
After the return of peace, in October 1939 the City Council decided to organise a season of opera.
They cleaned the theatre, repaired the roof and installed indirect lighting.
The theatre came back into use for opera and operetta, and was also used by amateur theatre groups and even schools.
In 1961, renewed flooding again caused damage to the pit, and fresh renovations were required.
In 1977 the theatre was assigned to the Ministry of Culture, and after a facelift became the National Theatre of Lope de Vega Sevilla.
The theatre was used for a trade show in 1985.
The first performance after the reopening in February 1988 was a concert by the London Philharmonic Orchestra.
From then on, the theatre has put on more than 180 performances every year to over 100,000 spectators.
The theatre today stages classical and modern plays and concerts, and flamenco shows.
It is a venue for the Flamenco Biennale of Seville, which is held on even-numbered years, and is among the most important theatres in Spain.
As of January 2009 further repairs were needed, especially to the casino dome which had tiles missing and was leaking.
Bonanseja is a genus of fungi in the Rhytismatales order.
The relationship of this taxon to other taxa within the order is unknown (incertae sedis), and it has not yet been placed with certainty into any family.
This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Bonanseja mexicana.
Fokko Tadama (16 May 1871, Banda Aceh, Indonesia - 25 May 1937, Seattle) was a Dutch painter in the style of the Hague School, known primarily for coastal scenes, who spent much of his career in the United States.
He was also a teacher and focused primarily on Japanese immigrant students.
Some sources erroneously give his place of birth as Bandar, India.
His mother was his father's mistress; a local woman.
He was orphaned when his father died of tuberculosis while at a health spa in Germany.Having been taken to the Netherlands, he remained there and received his first artistic training from the landscape painter, Sieger Jan Baukema (1852-1936).
Later, he attended the "Rijksakademie van beeldende kunsten" in Amsterdam.
In 1895, he married , who was also a painter.
In 1897, they settled in Egmond aan den Hoef and became part of the , led by George Hitchcock.
They both specialized in seascapes.
In 1898, they had a joint exhibition at the Société des Artistes Français in Paris.
By now, the critics had come to consider Thamine as the better artist and Fokko worked mostly as her assistant.
In 1900, he gave up painting; devoting his time to hunting and caring for his large dog kennel.
In 1907, they relocated to Katwijk aan Zee.
The progress of their relationship after that is unclear.
Some sources say that she became mentally unsound and had to be institutionalized by 1910, but others indicate that she was exhibiting and winning awards as late as 1912.
Yet others say she accompanied her husband to Seattle and returned to the Netherlands after his death.
It can be assumed there were some clashes regarding their competing careers.
Whatever the truth may be, in 1910 he emigrated to the United States, crossed the country, settled in Seattle and began painting again.
In 1913, he held his first showing in one of the meeting rooms at the Seattle Public Library.
The following year, he started his own art school.
Perhaps because his name could be mistaken for Japanese, he soon became a mentor and patron for many Japanese immigrant artists, including Kenjiro Nomura, Yasushi Tanaka and Shimizu Toshi, as well as the photographer, Soichi Sunami.
He apparently had a very successful career, until the beginning of the Great Depression virtually destroyed the local demand for art.
To make ends meet, he found employment as a mural painter with the WPA; taking part in the Federal Art Projects.
Broke, despondent and in declining health, he committed suicide in 1937.
Robert Lee Heard (April 10, 1930 – April 15, 2014) was an American writer, journalist and reporter for the Associated Press, who covered politics, government and sports news in Texas for the wire service.
Heard was shot and wounded by Charles Whitman on August 1, 1966, while covering Whitman's attack on the University of Texas at Austin for the Associated Press.
Heard received widespread praise for his series of reports on the integration of the Texas Longhorns football team.
He also authored several books, focusing on sports and politics.
His father was a Baptist preacher.
He had three older brothers.
Heard's parents, who had expected a baby girl, did not know what to name him.
They decided to call him Robert Lee after General Robert E. Lee, at the urging of his two older brothers, who had just learned about the Civil War general in elementary school.
He returned to Texas after the war, where he obtained a law degree from Baylor University.
He practiced law in Houston for two years before pursuing a career change to journalism.
He initially worked as a journalist at the Waco Tribune-Herald in Waco, Texas, and the AP Long Beach, California.
Heard was then hired as a reporter by the Associated Press in 1964.
On August 1, 1966, Heard, who was 36 years old at the time, was shot in the arm while covering the mass shooting at the University of Texas at Austin.
Heard, who had arrived on scene as a reporter for the Associated Press, was attempting to follow to Texas highway patrol offices across a parking lot when he was wounded by a bullet fired by Charles Whitman.
In a 2006 interview with Texas Monthly, Heard recalled, "Just before I reached the curb, I was shot down.
I'd forgotten my Marine training; I hadn't zigzagged."
He continued to grant interviews on the anniversary of the shooting, but attempted to distance his professional and personal life from the tragedy.
According to his wife, Betsy Heard, "He lived his whole life hoping to get that out of the first paragraph of his obituary."
Heard eventually left the Associated Press, but continued to work in journalism and public relations.
He worked as a press secretary for Joe Christie, a Democratic U.S.
Senator candidate, during his campaign.
Heard also wrote for the Texas Lawyer and served as the Texas State Capitol correspondent for the San Antonio Express News.
Heard founded Inside Texas, a newsletter which covered athletics at the University of Texas.
His books included "Dance With Who Brung Us: Quips & Quotes from Darrell Royal," which compiled quotes from Darrell Royal, a former Texas Longhorns football coach.
Heard also authored "Miracle of the Killer Bees: 12 Senators Who Changed Texas Politics," which focused on twelve Texas state senators who fled Austin in 1979 and went into hiding to stop a bill.
He was survived by his wife, Betsy Heard; a son, Tom Heard, from his first marriage to, Mary Lou Custer Heard, (another son, Dan, died in 1993) and brother, Wyatt Heard.
A memorial service was planned for his family's June 2014 family reunion in Uvalde County, Texas.
Klubi i Futbollit Besa is a professional Albanian football club based in Kavajë.
It is currently competing in Albania's First Division, the 2nd tier of Albanian football.
They play their home games at Besa Stadium.
In 1930 the club changed its name to "Sport Klub Kavajë".
That same year the football team played its first ever friendly at Mali i Robit, Golem against an amateur team formed of students from the Albanian-American Institute of Agriculture.
A short time later SK Kavajë joined the newly formed Albanian Football Association and participated in the 1930 second tier championship where they would repeat their participation for the next two seasons before joining the top tier Kategoria e Parë in 1933.
In their first top flight championship SK Kavajë finished last in the 5 team league, losing 7 games and winning just one, a 2–1 victory over local rivals Teuta Durrës.
In 1935 the club took the shape of an organized one under the leadership of chairman Irfan Berati.
The vice-chairman was Fehmi Kazazi, the secretary was Dervish Cara, the committee members were Sulejman Karkini and Reshat Asllani, the cashier was Rasim Sulejmani and Dhori Fora was in charge of the trade of craft.
The following year, the club was renamed "Besa Kavajë" also known as "Besa Sport Klub", derived from the name Besa, the Albanian cultural precept meaning "to keep the promise" and "word of honor".
During World War II many members of the club lost their lives as soldiers, including Mehmet Babamusta, Adil Alushi, Sami Karriqi and Millan Radosalja.
The activities of the club became very limited and support came primarily from the local residents of the city.
There were no official competitions held in Albania at this time.
During the 1945–46 season the club won the unofficial Sports Federation President's Cup.
Many of the club's players during the late 40s would go on to play for the Albanian national team, including Qamil Teliti, who scored the winning goal against Romania that won Albania the 1946 Balkan Cup.
In 1958 the club achieved a second-place finish in the top tier Albanian Championship, narrowly losing out to Partizani Tirana for the title by one point.
Also during the 1958 season they reached the semi final of the Albanian Cup, again losing out to eventual winners Partizani Tirana.
The club would go on to reach the finals of the Albanian Cup in 1961, losing to Partizani Tirana once again and also the following season in 1962–63, where they lost on penalties to KF Tirana.
In 1963 Besa won the unofficial cup competition held by the 'Sport' newspaper, and in 1965 it won the 'Bashkimi' newspaper competition.
In 1971 they finished as runners-up in the Albanian Cup after losing 2–0 in the finals to Dinamo Tirana.
They repeated this feat the following year, losing on penalties in the cup final following a 2–2 draw with Vllaznia Shkodër, but as Vllaznia also won the league in that same year, this gave Besa the opportunity to participate in the UEFA Cup Winners' Cup in the 1972–73 season.
Their first European opponents were Danish side, Fremad Amager, who Besa managed to overcome on away goals following a 1–1 draw away in Copenhagen and a goalless draw at home.
In the next round however they were beaten by Scottish side Hibernian, whom they lost to on aggregate 8–2, following a 7–1 away loss and a 1–1 draw at home.
The end of the golden generation era was marked with the completion of the club's first purpose built stadium, Besa Stadium.
Construction was completed in 1974 and the new stadium had a capacity to seat 9000 spectators.
They met Bežanija of Serbia in the first qualifying round, drawing 2–2 away and 0–0 at home to progress on away goals.
In the second qualifying round they fell 3–0 in each leg to Bulgarian side Litex Lovech.
In 2008, they qualified for the Intertoto Cup due to their third-place finish in the league, drawing Ethnikos Achna 0–0 at home and 1–1 in Cyprus and continued on away goals.
In the 2nd round of the Intertoto cup they were eliminated by Grasshopper Zürich from Switzerland.
Kenneth William David Hensley (born 24 August 1945) is an English singer-songwriter, multi-instrumentalist and producer, best known for his work with Uriah Heep during the 1970s.
He wrote or co-wrote the majority of Uriah Heep's songs during this period, including the hit singles "Lady in Black" (on which he sang lead vocals), "Easy Livin'" and "Stealin'", as well as "Look at Yourself", on which he also sang lead vocals, and "Free Me".
He learned how to play guitar at the age of 12 from a Bert Weedon manual.
His first gig was at The Mentmore Pen Factory, in Stevenage (September 1960).
After that, he played with The Blue Notes, Ken and the Cousins and Kit and the Saracens (1962).
In 1963, this band evolved into The Jimmy Brown Sound, and they recorded some now lost songs.
At this time, Hensley's first "professional" opportunity almost came about: they were to back Ben E. King on a British visit, but it never happened.
In early 1965, Hensley formed a band called The Gods, with the young guitarist Mick Taylor, well known later for his work with John Mayall and The Rolling Stones.
Hensley wrote most of the material, sang and played the Hammond B3 organ as the band already had the talented Mick Taylor on guitar.
The Gods' line-up included, at one time or another, vocalist and guitar/bass player Greg Lake (later of King Crimson and Emerson, Lake & Palmer), bass player Paul Newton (later the first Uriah Heep bassist), drummer Lee Kerslake (later also of Heep), bassist John Glascock (later of Jethro Tull), and guitarist Joe Konas.
In early 1968 they signed with Columbia Records and recorded two LPs and several singles.
After that, Newton left the band to join Spice, an Essex-based band.
Hensley also played on a one-album side project of The Gods initially planned to become their 3rd album, but was recorded and eventually released in 1969/1970 under the moniker Head Machine's "Orgasm".
The album was produced by David Paramor (producer of "The Gods") and both Hensley and Kerslake featured, along with John Glascock on bass, Brian Glascock on drums, and David Paramor on vocals, all under pseudonyms.
Hensley played mostly guitar again, as in the beginning of his career.
Although Paramor was credited as composer, the songs bear many of Hensley's influences.
The album was released before Hensley joined Toe Fat and might almost be considered a prototype for the harder side of his future work in Uriah Heep.
The band eventually split but Cliff Bennett, from the Rebel Rousers, decided to move in a more "progressive" direction and asked The Gods to join him.
Under the name Toe Fat they released two LPs, but only the first featured Hensley.
Paul Newton asked Hensley (Christmas 1969) to join forces in Spice, as they were looking for a keyboard player to make their sound less bluesy and more progressive, in keeping with the current trend.
In January 1970, Spice changed its name into Uriah Heep.
Also in the line-up were guitarist Mick Box and vocalist David Byron.
With Uriah Heep, Hensley found a place to develop and showcase his songwriting and lyrical abilities as well as his keyboard and guitar playing.
The band's "classic" line-up featured Hensley, Byron, Box, Kerslake and bassist Gary Thain, plus the management provided by Gerry Bron (Bronze Records).
During his time with Heep (1970–1980), they recorded 13 studio albums, and the live album Uriah Heep Live – January 1973 along with many compilations and singles.
Hensley also recorded his first two solo albums, Proud Words on a Dusty Shelf (1973) and Eager To Please (1975) during this time.
He was supported mainly by Mark Clarke and Bugs Pemberton.
After the departure of bassist Gary Thain (who died in 1975) and vocalist David Byron, other musicians were brought into the Heep family: John Wetton (Family, King Crimson, Roxy Music, later of U.K. and Asia), Trevor Bolder (from Spiders From Mars, later of Wishbone Ash) and John Lawton (Lucifer's Friend), among others.
In 1980 Hensley left the band, unhappy with the musical direction they had chosen.
After trying to put a new band together in the UK (Shotgun), he later moved to the USA and played a few gigs in North America as The Ken Hensley Band.
Around this time he released his third solo LP, Free Spirit (1980).
In 1982 Hensley joined Blackfoot, a hard rock Florida-based band.
With them, he recorded two albums (1983's Siogo and 1984's Vertical Smiles).
Although the group achieved some success, Hensley left after Bron informed him of Heep vocalist David Byron's death in 1985.
After 1985, Hensley lived in semi-retirement in St Louis, Missouri (USA), making a few appearances with W.A.S.P., Cinderella and others.
W.A.S.P.
's frontman Blackie Lawless stated that "Ken Hensley wrote the rule book for heavy metal keyboards as far as I'm concerned."
In 1994, From Time To Time, a collection of lost recordings, was released featuring rare songs recorded by Hensley between 1971 and 1982, as well as some early versions of Heep's classic songs, played by Hensley and his roommates at that time, namely guitarist Paul Kossoff and drummer Simon Kirke (both of Free).
Other musicians on the songs were bassist Boz Burrell (King Crimson and Bad Company), guitarist Mick Ralphs (Bad Company), drummers Ian Paice (Deep Purple, Whitesnake) and Kenney Jones (The Who), amongst others.
In 1999, Hensley's musical activities began to increase, besides his work with St Louis Music.
He recorded an album, A Glimpse of Glory, together with his band Visible Faith.
During the fourth Uriah Heep Annual Convention in London, May 2000, plans were made for a one-off concert by the so-called "Hensley/Lawton Band".
Hensley was joined by former Uriah Heep singer John Lawton, their first public collaboration since the latter's departure from Uriah Heep in 1979.
With them were Paul Newton (the band's original bassist) and two members of Lawton's band, Reuben Kane on lead guitar and Justin Shefford on drums.
They played a set of old Uriah Heep classics and some of Hensley's solo songs, and the concert was recorded for a CD release, followed by a tour in Europe culminating with a concert in Hamburg, Germany, featuring a full orchestra and a new rendition of Heep's old song "Salisbury".
Running Blind, his first effort in 21 years, was released worldwide in 2002 and followed by a world tour with his band called "Free Spirit", that included Dave Kilminster (guitar), Andy Pyle (bass) and Pete Riley (drums).
After moving to Spain, Hensley released The Last Dance (with new songs), The Wizard's Diary (Uriah Heep classics re-recorded in 2004) and Cold Autumn Sunday (Hensley's solo songs re-recorded in 2005).
Featuring a number of special guests, the rock opera Blood on the Highway was released in May 2007.
The story portrays the rise and fall of a rock'n'roll star.
Lead vocals role were split between Hensley and Glenn Hughes (ex-Deep Purple, Trapeze, Black Sabbath), Jorn Lande (ex-The Snakes, Masterplan), John Lawton and Eve Gallagher.
In September 2008, Hensley went on stage again with former Heep bandmates Lawton, Kerslake and Newton along with ex-Focus guitarist Jan Dumée, for the "Heepvention 2008" fans meeting.
Hensely continued to write and record a series of new albums, beginning with a collection of songs under the title of Love & Other Mysteries, recorded near his home in Spain and followed in 2011 by Faster, his first studio recording of new songs with his live band, Live Fire.
A CD of one of his solo concerts was released by Cherry Red Records in 2013, shortly followed by a live CD recorded with Live Fire during a September/October tour.
Trouble, an album of 10 new songs recorded with a revised Live Fire line-up was released, again by Cherry Red, in September the same year.
For the past few years, Hensley and his wife have lived in the village of Agost near Alicante in Spain.
The other musicians playing on the album are thought to have been from a German band called Virus.)
(2008) – keyboards, guitars, lead and backing vocals (The Bulgarian hard rock band played with Hensley on a few occasions most of which also included John Lawton.)
Sunrize (2011) – Touring together with the Bulgarian rock band Sunrize during their "Rock on the Rocks tour 2011".
Firuzjah Rural District () (به محلي پريجا ) is a rural district (dehestan) in Bandpey-ye Sharqi District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.
At the 2006 census, its population was 3,201, in 861 families.
The rural district has 61 villages.
Perak Stadium () is a stadium located in Kampung Simee in Ipoh, Kinta District, Perak, Malaysia.
It is part of a large complex called the DBI Sports Complex, which houses a majority of sporting facilities used by players representing the state of Perak such as the Velodrome Rakyat (cycling), Indera Mulia Stadium (indoor stadium) and the Sultan Azlan Shah Stadium (hockey).
The construction of the stadium started in January 1964 and completed by June 1965, with a maximum capacity of 10,000.
Two following renovations increased the stadium capacity - 1975 (18,000) and 1993 (30,000).
The stadium was upgraded in 1997. for the FIFA U-20 World Cup.
It was renovated in 1999 at a cost of RM 1,949,000 by the Perak state government.
It was put under the administration of the Ipoh City Council, which oversees the general upkeep of the stadium until this day.
Since the last refurbishment in 1997, the capacity of the stadium is 42,500 and it boasts a press box and a VIP-area which is normally used by the Sultan of Perak.
The stadium features a FIFA standard football pitch and an IAAF-certified synthetic running track.
The stadium also has monochromatic video matrix scoreboard.
The stadium has two types of seating, which is grandstand seating and normal seating.
Only those seating in the grandstand are sheltered from the elements of nature.
The stadium has a notoriously problematic flood light system.
There are four flood light towers surrounding the stadium and about 50% fail to light up when it is needed.
Poor pitch conditions are also a norm at this stadium and coaches are known to have publicly voiced their discontent over this issue.
However, the issue was settled comprehensively and the light towers are upgraded to international football standard.
On 7 May 2013, Perak FA defeated Negeri Sembilan FA 2-1 in a Malaysian Super League match in the first sporting event after the stadium flood lights upgrading.
Events such as military band competitions and school sports days are held at the Perak Stadium sporadically.
The Perak FA, which plays its football in the Malaysian Super League, considers Perak Stadium to be its homeground and their matches are the only times when the stadium experiences capacity crowds.
It is a preferred venue for football final matches when the teams involved do not originate near the Klang Valley area such as the Malaysia FA Cup final matches for 1997 (Selangor FA vs. Penang FA) and 2003 (Negeri Sembilan FA vs. Perlis FA).
Some parties have criticised the Football Association of Malaysia for failing to move the finals of 2006 Malaysian FA Cup (Pahang FA vs. Perlis FA) to this stadium, where attendance levels were likely to be higher than the one eventually experienced at Bukit Jalil.
The stadium also held numerous final matches or championship for FAM Cup, Piala Emas Raja-Raja, Agong Cup, Burnley Cup and Bardhan Cup.
Peter Baird (November 30, 1951 – July 16, 2004) was an American film actor and puppeteer.
He is the son of puppeteer and actor Bil Baird.
Lewis Winans Ross (December 8, 1812 –  October 29, 1895) was an Illinois attorney, merchant, and U.S. Representative from Illinois' 9th congressional district.
He was widely known as an antiwar Peace Democrat or Copperhead during the American Civil War.
In 1820, Lewis Ross moved with his family to Illinois, where his father had been given land in the Illinois Military Tract in return for military service in the War of 1812.
In 1821, the family settled in an area that later became Lewistown, Illinois, named for Lewis Ross by his father.
Lewis Ross received his early education in pioneer schools, and then attended Illinois College in Jacksonville, Illinois, graduating in 1838.
He studied law with Josiah Lamborn, a noted lawyer of the day, and was admitted to the bar, commencing the practice of law in Lewistown in 1839.
Lewis and Frances Ross had 12 children: John Wesley Ross (1841–1902), a distinguished attorney who served as president of the Washington, D. C., Board of Commissioners; Mary Frances Ross (1843–1844); Ossian Reuben Ross (1845–1863), who committed suicide while a student at the University of Michigan; Ellen Caroline Ross (1846–1880); Lewis Cass "Lute" Ross (1848–1916); Frank Rutledge Ross (1851–1886); Henry Lee Ross (1852–1856); Alice Ross (1854–1855); Pike Clinton Ross (1855–1917); Frances Walker Ross (1857–1885); Jennie L. Ross (1859–1941); and an unnamed daughter who died in infancy (her gravestone is marked "Babe").
He also saw service in the Black Hawk War of 1832 as a sergeant in Bogart's Brigade, Captain John Sain's Company, Odd Battalion of Mounted Rangers.
During the Mexican–American War, Ross organized a company of volunteers (Company K) that was assigned to the 4th Illinois Infantry, commanded by Colonel Edward D. Baker, and Ross was elected captain of the company.
Two of Lewis Ross' brothers, First Lieutenant Leonard F. Ross and Private Pike C. Ross, were among those who served under him in Company K. In 1861, Illinois Governor Richard Yates offered Ross a commission as colonel of volunteers, but Ross declined the offer.
Nevertheless, Lewis Ross was often addressed as Colonel Ross throughout his later life and in various histories concerning the period.
In 1860, Ross was an unsuccessful candidate for the office of Lieutenant Governor of Illinois on the Democratic ticket.
Ross served as member of the Illinois State Constitutional Conventions in 1862 and again in 1870.
The proposed changes to the state constitution that were introduced in 1862 (known as the "Copperhead constitution") were not ratified by the voters.
However, Ross played a prominent role in the development of the Constitution of Illinois that was ratified in 1870.
Ross was elected as a Democrat to the Thirty-eighth, Thirty-ninth, and Fortieth United States Congresses (serving March 4, 1863 – March 3, 1869).
While in Congress, Ross served as a member of the House Committees on Agriculture and Indian Affairs.
He also served as a member of the "Doolittle Committee," a Congressional Joint Special Committee chaired by James R. Doolittle that investigated the condition of the Indian tribes and the way they were being treated by the military and civil authorities of the United States.
Among its other activities, this committee investigated the Sand Creek Massacre of 1864, also known as the Chivington Massacre, in which members of the Colorado Territory militia, led by Colonel John Chivington, attacked a village of peaceful Cheyenne and Arapaho Indians.
He was a close personal friend of Stephen A. Douglas and was an ardent supporter of Douglas' senatorial and presidential campaigns.
Following Douglas' death in 1861, Ross continued to espouse the late Senator Douglas' political views regarding the Civil War.
In an address to the U. S. House of Representatives in 1864, Ross invoked the late Senator Douglas and called for a cessation of the conflict through "mutual concessions and a fair and just compromise."
Because of his views on the war, Ross was suspected of being a Southern sympathizer by some of his fellow Illinoisans, and during the draft riots in Fulton County during the war, a cannon was reportedly trained on his house for several days.
Nevertheless, Ross' position reflected that of many of his fellow citizens of Fulton County, as evidenced by the fact that he was twice re-elected to Congress.
During the Reconstruction Era following the Civil War, Congressman Ross generally tended to favor the moderate position taken by President Andrew Johnson, and he opposed the policies that were promoted by the Radical Republicans.
In a speech to the U.S. House of Representatives in 1866, Ross remarked that he supported President Johnson's veto of the Freedmen's Bureau, a veto that had been overturned by Congress.
Ross contended that the bureau discriminated against white citizens who might need government assistance following the war.
He also expressed continuing regret that the views of Senators Crittenden and Douglas advocating compromise had not prevailed during the runup to the Civil War.
In an address to the House in early 1868, Ross argued against H.R.
Bill No.
439, which was additional and supplemental to "An act to provide for the more efficient Government of the Rebel States", the title of the initial legislation of the Reconstruction Acts.
Ross argued that the U.S. Government had no constitutional right to impose military rule on the southern states that had participated in the Confederacy.
Much of Ross' allotted time during the 1868 speech was taken up by a sometimes heated and ad hominem exchange with fellow Illinois Congressman Elihu B. Washburne of Illinois, a leading member of the Radical Republicans.
In 1878, Ross was involved in the incorporation of the Fulton County Narrow-Gauge Railroad Company, which ultimately built a line between Galesburg and West Havana, Illinois.
In 1893, Ross was elected President of the Lewistown National Bank, and he took an active role in the bank's affairs until his death.
He was interred in Oak Hill Cemetery in an area devoted to several members of the Ross family, including his grandmother (Abigail Lee Ross), his father, mother, wife, and 9 of his 12 children.
Original correspondence and other documents related to Lewis Ross are housed in the Abraham Lincoln Presidential Library in Springfield, Illinois, including letters exchanged between Ross and Stephen A. Douglas, letters from Ross to his wife during the Mexican-American War, an account book for general stores in Lewistown and Havana run by Lewis Ross and his sons, and an account book listing his real estate and personal property.
Ross was the basis for the character of Washington McNeely in Edgar Lee Masters' Spoon River Anthology.
Two of Ross' sons provided the basis for other characters in that work.
The suicide of Ross' son Ossian Reuben Ross is alluded to in Masters' depiction of the character of Harry McNeely, Washington McNeely's son; Lewis Cass Ross was the basis for the character of Lucious Atherton in another part of the work.
However, none of Ross' other children bear any obvious relationship to the offspring of the Washington McNeely character.
The "great mansion-house" mentioned in the verse refers to the Ross Mansion, a New England style building modeled after a mansion on the Hudson River that Ross admired.
The mansion was demolished in 1962, and the land was designated by the City of Lewistown as Ross Mansion Park, which is located at the corner of Broadway Street and Milton Avenue.
Nelson Mandela took oath as President of South Africa on 10 May 1994 and announced his cabinet on 11 May 1994.
The cabinet included members of Mandela's African National Congress, National Party and Inkatha Freedom Party, as it was required by law that all parties winning more than 20 seats in the parliament be given representation in the cabinet.
Solon D. Neal (1846 – November 1, 1920) was an American soldier in the U.S. Army who served with the 6th U.S. Cavalry during the Texas-Indian Wars.
He was one of thirteen men who received the Medal of Honor for gallantry against the Kiowa and Chief Kicking Bird at the Battle of the Little Wichita River on July 12, 1870.
One of four children, he had two brothers, Joseph and Frank, and a sister Mary.
Neal was educated in local public schools and, upon outbreak of the American Civil War in 1861, the 15-year-old Neal attempted to enlist in the Union Army but his father refused to give his permission.
Solon remained in school and later became a carpenter's apprentice however, on March 1, 1866, he left home and made his way to Boston, Massachusetts where enlisted in the U.S. Army.
He was sent to Carlisle Barracks in Pennsylvania for basic cavalry training and assigned to Company L of the 6th U.S. Cavalry.
He was also involved in pursuing outlaws in the region, most notably, Bob Lee and his gang.
On February 20, 1867, less than a year after his enlistment, Neal was promoted to the rank of sergeant.
When his term of enlistment expired on March 1, 1869, Neal immediately reenlisted and was transferred to Fort Richardson where he served as post librarian.
In early-1870, he was called for frontier duty against raiding bands of Kiowa and Comanches.
He was among the cavalrymen under Captain Curwen B. McClellan who fought against the Kiowa and Chief Kicking Bird near the Little Wichita River on July 12, 1870, and one of thirteen soldiers who received the Medal of Honor for "gallantry in action" a month later.
On the final day of the battle, Neal volunteered with Corporal James Watson and Sergeants John May and John Kirk to clear snipers high up on the cliffs who were preventing the cavalry's retreat.
Two of the snipers were killed and all four men were able to hold the hill until the command was safely past.
The fighting ended half an hour later as the Kiowa withdrew and rode off.
Afterwards, Neal was transferred to Fort Harker in Kansas in early 1871 and where he was discharged on May 29 of that year.
He returned to military service a year later and joined Company K of the 11th U.S. Infantry at Fort Richardson, Texas.
Neal spent the next several years escorting railroad-surveying crews, mail coaches and supply trains until April 15, 1877.
He then reenlisted with the 10th U.S. Infantry at Fort Clark, Texas on January 8, 1878, but obtained a transfer to the 8th U.S. Cavalry shortly after and spent five years fighting against Mexican bandits and trans-border Indian raiders.
After his reenlistment on February 20, 1883, Neal served with 19th U.S. Infantry from 1883 to 1888, and with the 16th U.S. Infantry until 1893.
He was appointed to the Indianapolis Arsenal as an ordnance sergeant and remained there until his retirement in 1897.
Returning to Texas, he lived in San Antonio until his death in the Station Hospital at Fort Sam Houston on November 1, 1920, and interred at the San Antonio National Cemetery.
In accordance to his final wishes, his entire life savings ($5,000) was left to the American Red Cross.
His residence at 106 Wyoming Street later became the site of the HemisFair '68 Tower.
Place and date: At Wichita River, Tex., 12 July 1870.
Entered service at: ------.
Birth: Hanover, N.H.
Date of issue: 25 August 1870.
This Day in North American Indian History: Important Dates in the History of North America's Native Peoples for Every Calendar Day.
New York: Da Capo Press, 2002.
Loftin, Jack.
Trails Through Archer: A Centennial History, 1880-1980.
Burnet, Texas: Nortex, 1979.
11 Somerset is a Canadian children's television series, which airs in French on Télé-Québec and in English on A-Channel.
The series focuses on Laurie Lamera (Jessica Malka) and Oliver Marsan (Jamieson Boulanger), two teenagers who investigate paranormal phenomena.
Also stars Kathleen Mackey as Laurie's supporting sidekick Lucy Mercer.
It has been made into a point-and-click adventure.
It is also linked to from www.gamershood.com.
The game is based on 13 adventures, in which the player must find and use tools, clues, and technology to solve more and more difficult puzzles.
This article is about the particular significance of the decade 1800–1809 to Wales and its people.
1762)
Widex A/S is the world’s sixth largest hearing aid manufacturer.
In close collaboration with international audiological researchers and specialists, the company has developed a wide range of digital hearing aid.
They introduced the world's first commercially available 100% digital in-the-ear hearing aid in 1995 based on the research model developed by Oticon that same year.
The Danish company was founded in 1956 by the Tøpholm and Westermann families and is still owned by the relatives of the company’s original founders.
The president and CEO of Widex is Jørgen Jensen, who was appointed in 2013.
Widex hearing aids are sold in almost 100 countries and the company employs approximately 3,800 people around the world.
Widex’ new headquarters are located in Allerød Municipality, Denmark, north of Copenhagen.
The new headquarters use groundwater for cooling in the summer and heating in the winter.
Widex also placed an energy-generating wind turbine beside the building.
In 2018, Widex and Sivantos (which owns Signia, Rexton, TruHearing, Audibene, HearUSA and Hear.com) announced an $8B merger, creating the 3rd largest hearing conglomerate in the world.
Widex also launched its newest product, Widex Evoke, which is the first hearing aid to incorporate machine learning technology.
Since March 1, 2019 Widex has been part of WS Audiology, a company formed that day through the combination of Singapore-headquartered former Siemens owned (until 2015) Sivantos with Lynge/Denmark-based Widex.
Mohsenabad (, also Romanized as Moḩsenābād) is a village in Do Dehak Rural District, in the Central District of Delijan County, Markazi Province, Iran.
At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.
Occidentarius platypogon, commonly known as the combinate sea-catfish, is a species of sea catfish found in marine and brackish waters along the Pacific coast from Mexico to Peru.
It is the only member of its genus.
It is a very abundant fish of the continental shelf and is fished for human consumption.
It grows to a length of 45 cm.
Carlo Giovanni Maria Denina (1731, Revello – 5 December 1813, Paris) was an Italian historian.
He was born at Revello, Piedmont, in 1731, and was educated at Saluzzo and Turin.
In 1753 he was appointed to the chair of humanity at Pinerolo, but he was soon compelled by the influence of the Jesuits to retire from it.
In 1756 he graduated as doctor in theology, and began authorship with a theological treatise.
Promoted to the professorship of humanity and rhetoric in the college of Turin, he published (1769–1770) his Delle revoluzioni d'Italia, the work on which his reputation is mainly founded.
Collegiate honors accompanied the issue of its successive volumes, which, however, at the same time multiplied his foes and stimulated their hatred.
In 1782, at Frederick the Great's invitation, he went to Berlin, where he remained for many years, in the course of which he published his Vie et régne de Frédéric II (Berlin, 1788) and La Prusse littéraire sous Frédéric II (3 vols., Berlin, 1790–1791).
His Delle revoluzioni della Germania was published at Florence in 1804, in which year he went to Paris as the imperial librarian, on the invitation of Napoleon.
At Paris he published in 1805 his Tableau de la Haute Italie, et des Alpes qui l'entourent.
He died there in 1813.
The French politician and poet Joseph Aurèle de Bossi studied law under his direction.
Voxbone is a communication as a service (CaaS) company headquartered in Brussels, with offices in San Francisco, Austin, London and Iași.
Voxbone enables telephony applications such as conferencing and Call centers to send and receive phone calls, text messages and faxes in 60+ countries, with the company’s services accessed through a web portal or REST API.
Voxbone's services are delivered over a private IP network that interconnects with local phone networks in the countries where it operates.
Voxbone customers include Skype, Dialpad, Zoom, 8x8, Deutsche Telekom, Telefonica, NTT, Level(3) and Orange.
As a consultant for telecom operators, Ullens noticed the growing demand for phone numbers from other countries and decided to create the business.
The founders’ mission was to offer simplified access to telephony resources through the cloud.
In 2011, the company launched a “global capacity-sharing model” to tackle the complex tasks and costs associated with planning and managing global voice traffic.
Customers are charged according to their peak simultaneous sessions globally (vs. total minute usage per country, or geographical origin of calls, in traditional models).
In August 2015 Vitruvian Partners LLP (“Vitruvian”), a leading independent European private equity firm, announced that it had acquired a majority stake in Voxbone SA.
In March 2019 Voxbone announced the launch of its enterprise platform.
Built for business end users, the platform provides voice and messaging in 65 countries.
Voxbone also supports local number portability and offers the ability to port existing local telephone numbers from other local service providers to its network.
Voxbone's numbers can be integrated into contact center platforms to extend their reach into new international markets.
Examples of such companies include NICE inContact and  LiveOps.
Conferencing providers: Voxbone's phone numbers offer end-users the ability to dial into a conferencing bridge from any country.
Examples of such companies include: Arkadin, Zoom, Speek, LoopUp.
Business telephony: Voxbone provides businesses with voice and messaging infrastructure upon which they can build their own communications applications or run UCaaS and CPaaS solutions.
They also offer access to emergency services and localized domestic calling capabilities.
Cloud PBX and SIP trunking companies: Local telephone numbers from Voxbone make IP-based voice and unified communications (UC) services reachable from local PSTN networks in many countries.
Examples of such companies include: 8x8 Inc. and Fuze.
International Calling Companies: Low-cost international calling rates use Voxbone's services to provide local dial-in numbers to customers.
Such companies include: Skype and IDT.
Telecom API Companies: Developers can integrate into their own applications.
Examples of such companies include: Deutsche Telekom's Developer Garden, Aculab.
The opening of the Canadian parliament is the commencement of a session of the Parliament of Canada following a general election.
It involves summons from the governor general on behalf of the monarch and a ceremony based on the same in the United Kingdom, though less elaborate and now evolved to include uniquely Canadian elements.
Smaller openings, called desk openings do not require the removal of senators' desks, as guests are limited to the justices of the supreme court, invitees of the governor general and prime minister, and the deans of the diplomatic corps.
The Speaker of the Senate establishes the guest list, though the size of the ceremony is determined by the prime minister.
The opening of the first session of a parliament takes place over two days (the opening of a subsequent session of the same parliament requires only one day).
On the first, routine business is conducted.
After such is concluded, the Speaker of the Senate commands the Usher of the Black Rod (usually called simply Black Rod) to summon the members of the House of Commons to the Senate.
Once assembled, the speaker addresses the congregation, stating "Honourable Members of the Senate, Members of the House of Commons: I have it in command to let you know His [or Her] Excellency the Governor General does not see fit to declare the causes of his [or her] summoning of the present Parliament of Canada, until a Speaker of the House of Commons shall have been chosen, according to law; but tomorrow, [date], at [time], His [or Her] Excellency will declare the causes of his [or her] calling this parliament."
The Members of Parliament then return to the commons to elect the speaker for that chamber.
The speech itself is delivered the following day.
As the Queen's representative, the governor general attends parliament to deliver the Speech From the Throne, although this can and has been done by the sovereign themselves or another representative, for example the Queen gave the Speech from the Throne in 1977.
Accompanied by four officers of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police, he or she usually rides in the State Landau, often accompanied by the viceregal consort, between Rideau Hall and Parliament Hill, where the governor general inspects a Canadian Armed Forces guard of honour.
Once the viceroy is in the parliament building, the Usher of the Black Rod is again sent to call the members of the House of Commons to the Senate.
Upon his or her arrival at the bar of the Senate, the Speaker of the House of Commons addresses his counterpart in the Senate, asserting the rights and privileges of the commons and its members.
The Speaker of the Senate, on behalf of the governor general, responds that the Crown will "recognise and allow their constitutional privileges".
The governor general then reads the Throne Speech, during which the Senate's mace is held by the Mace Bearer, who stands to the side of the throne.
Formally, the motion merely calls on parliament to thank the monarch or viceroy for the speech via an Address in Reply.
Until 1897, this was a more detailed message, covering the content of the Throne Speech point by point.
When the Address in Reply is eventually voted on, the poll is held to constitute a motion of confidence in the government, which, if lost, would result in the end of that government's mandate.
This discussion and vote follows a symbolic raising of other matters, designed to highlight the independence of parliament from the Crown; a practice that originated after King Charles I was tried and executed by the Parliament of England.
In the Senate, it is Bill S-1, an Act Relating to Railways.
Wittnau is a community in the district of Breisgau-Hochschwarzwald in Baden-Württemberg in Germany.
D-Sides is a 2007 compilation album by the British virtual band Gorillaz.
The album contains B-sides and remixes from singles and bonus tracks for the band's second studio album Demon Days, as well as previously unreleased tracks recorded during the same sessions.
It was released on 19 November 2007 in the UK and on 20 November in the United States and is available in standard and deluxe editions.
The Japanese deluxe edition includes three extra tracks, plus the video for 'Rockit'.
D-Sides performed similarly to its 2002 predecessor, G Sides, reaching #63 on the UK Albums Chart, while it reached #166 on the US Billboard 200 chart.
They answered that it was a possibility and that might involve the Spacemonkeyz again.
In the same interview, they were asked if there might also be another G Sides.
Again, their answer was that it might be possible.
In January 2007, websites began listing a March release date for a Phase 2 B-sides album.
One of the websites, musictap.net, later pushed this back to 3 April.
According to Gorillaz-Unofficial, the reaction of official parties behind Gorillaz is that the release date is just a rumour for now.
On 29 August, musictap.net reported that the B-side album would be titled D-Sides and would be released on 20 November.
On 18 September 2007, the official Gorillaz fan site confirmed the release of the album, as well as unveiling the album artwork and track listing.
"People", "Highway (Under Construction)", "Samba at 13" and "DARE" (Soulwax remix) are b-sides of "DARE".
"Hongkongaton" and "Murdoc Is God" are b-sides of "Dirty Harry".
"Don't Get Lost in Heaven" (original demo version) and "Stop the Dams" are b-sides of "El Mañana/Kids With Guns".
"We Are Happy Landfill" was made available as an additional downloadable track on the limited edition of Demon Days.
"Hong Kong" was originally released as part of Help!
: A Day in the Life compilation, but re-recorded for D-Sides.
"Rockit", "DARE" (DFA remix), "Feel Good Inc." (Stanton Warriors remix), "Kids with Guns" (Jamie T's Turns to Monsters mix), "Kids with Guns" (Hot Chip remix), "El Mañana" (Metronomy remix), "DARE" (Junior Sanchez remix), "Dirty Harry" (Schtung Chinese New Year remix), "Kids with Guns" (Quiet Village remix) were made available for promotion of Demon Days.
"The Swagga" is found on the limited edition Demon Days DVD.
Port William is a village in Clinton County, Ohio, United States.
The population was 254 at the 2010 census.
A post office called Port William has been in operation since 1834.
According to the United States Census Bureau, the village has a total area of , all land.
The population density was .
There were 113 housing units at an average density of .
The racial makeup of the village was 95.7% White, 1.2% African American, 2.0% Native American, 0.8% Asian, and 0.4% from two or more races.
Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.2% of the population.
There were 97 households of which 36.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.3% were married couples living together, 14.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 35.1% were non-families.
27.8% of all households were made up of individuals and 7.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.
The average household size was 2.62 and the average family size was 3.17.
The median age in the village was 35.6 years.
29.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 27.2% were from 25 to 44; 28% were from 45 to 64; and 7.9% were 65 years of age or older.
The gender makeup of the village was 49.2% male and 50.8% female.
The population density was 2,222.6 people per square mile (830.1/km²).
There were 107 housing units at an average density of 921.8 per square mile (344.3/km²).
The racial makeup of the village was 95.74% White, 3.49% Native American, and 0.78% from two or more races.
Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.55% of the population.
There were 97 households out of which 41.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.5% were married couples living together, 9.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.0% were non-families.
19.6% of all households were made up of individuals and 8.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.
The average household size was 2.66 and the average family size was 3.17.
In the village, the population was spread out with 31.0% under the age of 18, 8.1% from 18 to 24, 36.8% from 25 to 44, 16.3% from 45 to 64, and 7.8% who were 65 years of age or older.
The median age was 30 years.
For every 100 females there were 111.5 males.
For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 102.3 males.
The median income for a household in the village was $33,264, and the median income for a family was $34,141.
Males had a median income of $33,269 versus $20,000 for females.
The per capita income for the village was $13,888.
About 10.1% of families and 16.0% of the population were below the poverty line, including 26.8% of those under the age of eighteen and 23.8% of those sixty five or over.
Rodatychi () is a village in Horodok Raion, Lviv Oblast, in the western part of Ukraine.
Zakhid music festival is held near Rodatychi.
Category:Villages in Horodok Raion, Lviv Oblast
RVL Aviation is an airline based at East Midlands Airport, United Kingdom, with the related RVL Survey it is part of the RVL Group.
RVL Aviation Limited holds a United Kingdom Civil Aviation Authority Type A Operating Licence, it is permitted to carry passengers, cargo and mail on aircraft with 20 or more seats.
The company began re-locating its core business from Coventry Airport to East Midlands Airport in autumn 2010, and with the completion of the purpose-built hangar facility in October 2011, it closed its outlying base (Blackpool) at the end of 2011.
As well as ad hoc passenger and cargo charters, the company specialises in aerial survey and surveillance and in particular operations from the Maritime and Coastguard Agency (MCA).
Work for the MCA includes surveillance and search and rescue support and providing aircraft on standby for spraying oil spills with dispersant.
Originally using a fleet of piston-engined Douglas DC-3 aircraft, the company intends to use the Boeing 737 in the emergency spray role.
Qazi ( is an Indian Kashmiri singer, who won the show Fame Gurukul – along with Ruprekha Banerjee.
He is a singer in the Kashmiri, Hindi and Urdu languages.
On 20 October 2005, he managed to grab the top prize along with Ruprekha Banerjee.
He was voted by the Indian public to be the winner of Fame Gurukul, India's version of "Fame Academy."
The president of India, in regards to Qazi Touqeer, declared him to be the hero of Kashmir.
As a result of Qazi's success, a plethora of Kashmiri youth auditioned in Indian Idol tryouts, which were held in Srinagar, a city in the Kashmir Valley.
After winning the show Fame Gurukul,But hasn’t yet make any impact as a playback singer.
He released a new album out along with Ruprekha Banerjee at the end of 2005.
Qazi had no formal training before Fame Gurukul.
He injured himself while rehearsing for his acting debut film, Take Off.
Qazi was rehearsing at Ganesh Acharya Studios when he fell down and injured his neck.
His mother is a teacher, and his uncle: Qazi Rafiq was a Kashmiri singer.
The young man grew up mimicking Indian film heroes in the Mughal Gardens of Srinagar, posting in front of a video camera held by his brother.
He was also guided by his father who had a little bit of knowledge about music.
He was voted back to safety every time he went to danger zone by the Indian public.
His charming looks and sincerity got him his first Fame on TV.
Dino Bevab (born 13 January 1993) is a Bosnian-Herzegovinian footballer who plays for Austrian Regionalliga club SV Wörgl.
Thomas Caers (born 14 January 1973) is a former Belgian footballer and currently manager.
He was the manager of Sint-Truidense VV from February 2006 to November 2006, when he resigned.
Caers played for MVV in the Dutch Eerste Divisie and K.A.A.
Gent and K. Sint-Truidense V.V.
in the Belgian First Division.
Ralf Christoffers (born October 8, 1956) is a German politician who served in the Landtag of Brandenburg from 1994 to 2019 and as Minister of Economic Affairs and European Affairs of Brandenburg in the Cabinet of Ministers-President Matthias Platzeck and Dietmar Woidke from 2009 to 2014.
He later studied social science at the Parteihochschule Karl Marx, the party school of the Socialist Unity Party of Germany, and worked as a philosophy lecturer at the Free German Youth-administered Wilhelm Pieck youth academy in Bogensee until 1990.
From 1991 to 1994 he served as a research associate in the PDS Group of the Landtag of Brandenburg.
PDS in 2005, merged with the Electoral Alternative for Labor and Social Justice (WASG) to form a new party, The Left (Die Linke).
From October 1994 to 2019, he served as a member of the Landtag (State Parliament) of Brandenburg.
He remained in this position under Minister-President Dietmark Woidke until retiring from the post in 2014.
Christoffers faced criticism from within his party for his support of the continuation of lignite mining in the region of Lusatia in southeast Brandenburg.
In a 2010 interview, Wolfgang Nešković, Die Linke Member of the Bundestag for Cottbus – Spree-Neiße, criticized Christoffers’ position for both environmental and political reasons, arguing that support for lignite mining could result in Die Linke being perceived as being to the right of the SPD, their coalition partner.
From 2010 to 2014, Christoffers was one of four representatives of the State of Brandenburg on the Supervisory Board of state-owned airport operator Flughafen Berlin Brandenburg GmbH.
Let's Have Fun is a 1943 American film from Columbia.
It was known as Shall I Tell 'Em.
Casting was finalised in July 1942.
The Romance of Helen Trent is the only studio album from the metalcore band The Killing Tree.
It was first released in limited editions on June 22, 2002 during an album release show before being formally released by One Day Savior Recordings on June 25, 2002.
The album was recorded by Matt Allison at Atlas Studios, Chicago, Illinois over the course of one week.
Looking back on the recording process, Geoff Rue said that “after a demo ep (Bury Me At Make-Out Creek), we re-entered the old Atlas Studios, which has since become a Korean taco place, and recorded the LP in just over a weeks time, all in evening and late night sessions since the studio shared walls with a few businesses, so we couldn’t really get going until they closed for the day.
Matt Allison was good natured about our manic pace to pound out the record as fast as possible (we couldn’t afford much studio time), yet also patient when we insisted on numerous layers of the clap track that begins “The Perfect”.
A contract was never signed between the record company and the band, so  it is unknown who legally possesses the copyrights of The Romance of Helen Trent; which is thought to be the main reason behind the album's lack of a reissue.
However, despite not being currently available on streaming services or on CD, the album has seen a limited edition rerelease on vinyl for the first time on November 23, 2018 via Think Fast!
Records.
The samples are from an audio diary found in a garbage bag of a girl known only as "Helena Marie".
Tim McIlrath has said of the tapes "None of us expected the messages in Helena Marie's audio diary to parallel The Killing Tree message so closely.
And when it did, we knew it was just meant to be.
It still gives me chills sometimes."
In August 2018, Reu stated in the liner notes for vinyl reissue of the album, “Tim’s roommate at the time, the brilliance and enigmatic Davy Rothbart, who was starting up Found Magazine, had given us a tape of recorded diary-style therapeutic confessions that he had found during his scavenging for abandoned personal artifacts.
The voice on the tape identified herself as Helena Murray, and she was at turns vulnerable, self-hating, naïve, regretful, optimistic, emotionally raw, and crushingly honest about her life, relationships, and the inner world.
Due to problems during the pressing of the album, The Killing Tree had to 'pool their resources' in order to make 100 copies available at the show.
These 100 limited copies were sold out at the release show.
The 200 delayed copies soon arrived, and featured the same album artwork, but a slightly different insert and disk design as the previous limited edition CD.
These editions of the album were mastered by Alan Douches.
These copies were sold at live shows exclusively with standard edition being released on June 25, 2002.
The vocals are straight screams with the occasional sort of "singing shout" style, which sounds pretty cool here, because it's literally a "singing shout"... if that makes any sense at all?
This is definitely better than average, because the transitions are fluid and the songs, while long, tend to carry themselves well.
Take for instance the lengthy instrumental, "Soundtrack to a Failing Relationship", starting very calmly with lush clean guitars under heavy delay and eventually leading in to forceful distorted chord progressions with a plodding rhythm section and sparse lead lines.
The recording isn't half bad.
It's a little bit on the abrasive side, but barely, because the bass tone is thick as hell and the percussion sounds totally natural (two thumbs up there).
There's a nice amount of clarity, but I think I'd drop the vocals back a smidge and maybe add some crunch to the guitars, but not too much... just a little.
The layout is very consistent all around.
Everything is done in shades of brownish green and cream, with some high contrast graphics over subtle cardboard looking textures.
Inside the lyrics are arranged at haphazard angles over those same cardboard textures against jagged black space.
I'm not into the lyrical content, though.
They're pretty generic and a lot of the topics and lines use trendy metaphors and thematic issues such as the following: "I never noticed the color of your eyes until I saw them in the reflection of this knife, Green with envy for a life you never had, Bloodshot contempt when I extend my hand..." What it is with these bands always talking about knives and shit in reference to girls who've likely "wronged" them?
Despite their strengths, I do think the tracks are too long (most over five minutes, some right at seven), but mainly because the CD runs 52 minutes, and that's just too much to take in one sitting... and I think I'd rather hear nine slightly shorter songs than seven or eight long songs.
This band is definitely on the right track, because they're not totally generic (while not totally original) and they're competent writers, so with a bit more honing of their skills they could far outshine the competition.
The Romance of Helen Trent is a volatile blend of melody, technical prowess, and blistering heavy metal crunch that somehow results in an outstanding yet original piece of art that excels at pelting the listener with unbridled emotion.
"Prelude to Pain" lays its foundation in firm heavy metal song structures, yet squeezes in hardcore-like anthemic choruses and staggering breakdowns.
The true beauty of The Romance of Helen Trent is that each and every song is given ample time to develop, while its lyrical stability propels it past the normal boundaries one expects from such a group.
While many hardcore bands slip in an instrumental to serve as a relaxing moment in between cathartic odes to relationships and the scene, The Killing Tree put as much time and dedication to their instrumental "Soundtrack to a Failing Relationship," allowing the song to build through four-plus minutes of bliss.
At times The Killing Tree recall At the Drive-In's fabulous avant-garde post-hardcore rock, yet manage to effectively place their trademark sound here and avoid becoming just another impersonation.
It may come as a surprise, but these men somehow manage to allow each individual instrument to be recognizable and equally prominent, unusual for a hardcore scene which relies more on the noise made then the skill involved.
Simply put, The Killing Tree have released an amazing album that never once loses its focus, and for those who enjoy the styles presented here, you'd be hard-pressed to find a better way to spend an hour."
Mohammad Rakib (born 8 December 1998) is a Bangladeshi cricketer.
He made his List A debut for Abahani Limited in the 2017–18 Dhaka Premier Division Cricket League on 2 March 2018.
He made his Twenty20 debut for Shinepukur Cricket Club in the 2018–19 Dhaka Premier Division Twenty20 Cricket League on 25 February 2019.
Prior to his List A debut, he was named in Bangladesh's squad for the 2018 Under-19 Cricket World Cup.
Pawłowszczyzna  is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokółka, within Sokółka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.
Subramaniam Rajaratnam (; c4 July 1884 – 12 March 1970) was a Ceylon Tamil lawyer and member of the Legislative Council of Ceylon.
Rajaratnam married Achchuvely.
They had three sons (Saravanabavanathan, Kathiresu and Satkunananthan) and four daughters (Kanagambigai, Yogambigai, Thilakavathy and Mangaiarkarasi).
Rajaratnam was elected to the Legislative Council of Ceylon as the member for the Northern Province Central at the 1924 election.
As its chairman, Rajaratnam played a key role in the foundation and growth of the Hindu Board which, at one time, managed more than 150 schools.
Rajaratnam died on 12 March 1970.
The Second Masol Government was created after the Ukrainian parliament had ousted the previous Cabinet of Leonid Kuchma on September 21, 1993.
After Kuchma's dismissal the President of Ukraine Leonid Kravchuk took over the control of cabinet for almost a year.
On June 16, 1994, only 199 deputies voted for the appointment of Vitaliy Masol who headed the cabinet before and was ousted as result of intense student's protests known as the "Revolution on Granite".
Masol's new government was Ukraine's third since Ukraine gained its independence in August 1991.
Note that not all members of the Cabinet were ministers.
On April 4, 1995, the Cabinet was dismissed due to the vote of no confidence resolution adopted by the Supreme Council of Ukraine.
Hohenlockstedt was an Amt ("collective municipality") in the district of Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.
The seat of the Amt was in Hohenlockstedt.
In January 2008, it was disbanded, and its municipalities were divided over the Ämter Itzehoe-Land and Kellinghusen.
V106 was a torpedo boat of the Imperial German Navy, built in the A.G Vulcan Shipyard in 1914.
She was originally ordered by the Dutch Navy and confiscated by Germany at the start of World War I; being scrapped in 1920.
She was  long overall and  at the waterline, with a beam of  and a maximum draught of .
Displacement was  normal and  full load.
Two oil-fired and two coal-fired Yarrow boilers fed steam at  to 2 direct-drive steam turbines rated at , giving a speed of .
of coal and  of oil were carried, giving a range of  at  or  at .
She was designed to carry an armament of two 75 mm (3-inch) guns and four 450 mm torpedo tubes, but she was completed with an armament of two 5.2 cm SK L/55 guns (capable of firing a  shell to a range of ) and two 450 mm torpedo tubes.
The four ships were taken over while still under construction on 10 August 1914 owing to the outbreak of the First World War.
She was launched on 26 August 1915 and commissioned in  the Kaiserliche Marine (German Navy) on 25 January 1915.
She was used as a training vessel and a tender during the war.
She, along with sister ship , was allocated to Brazil in the Treaty of Versailles, but was almost immediately sold and broken up for scrap in Britain in 1920.
The 2016–17 Primeira Liga (also known as Liga NOS for sponsorship reasons) was the 83rd season of the Primeira Liga, the top Portuguese professional league for association football clubs.
Benfica successfully defended their title, winning the league for a fourth consecutive season and record 36th time.
Porto B won the 2015–16 LigaPro title on 8 May 2016, but as the reserve team of Primeira Liga side Porto they were ineligible for promotion, which meant that the third-placed team would be promoted instead.
On the same day, Chaves drew 1–1 with Portimonense to secure the return to the top flight of Portuguese football, 17 years after their last appearance in the 1998–99 season.
On the final matchday, Feirense secured the third place and last promotion slot after drawing 1–1 with Chaves; they return to the Primeira Liga four years after their last appearance in the 2011–12 season.
The two promoted clubs replaced Académica and União da Madeira.
Académica confirmed their relegation on 7 May 2016, after a run of 14 consecutive seasons in the Primeira Liga, following a goalless draw against Braga.
On the last matchday, União da Madeira's 2–1 defeat against Rio Ave also sealed their relegation, one season after having been promoted.
Shashi Kapoor is an Indian actor, film director, film producer and assistant director.
He acted in Hindi and English films as the lead hero.
He starred in over 175 films.
He is the recipient of the Dadasaheb Phalke Award, three National Film Awards, and two Filmfare Awards.
The Dr. Albert M. and Evelyn M. Brandt House on E. Ave. B in Bismarck, North Dakota was built in 1928.
It has also been known as the Francis and Leona Larson House.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 2000;  the listing included two contributing buildings and a contributing site.
Its NRHP nomination asserted it is "one of the best examples of the Tudor Revival period (1890-1940)" in Bismarck.
The house was built in 1928 for Dr. Albert M. Brandt, a prominent local pediatrician and obstetrician, and his wife Evelyn M. Brandt.
In 1948 the Brandts sold the house to the Mrs. Underhill, who sold the house to Francis and Leona Larson in 1952.
The Larsons owned the house the longest, from 1952 to 1997.
Francis Larson (1917-1918) was a bank president and manager of the JC Penney Store in Bismarck and was active in various civic and church organizations.
The Larson often hosted their neighbors, Governor Norman Brunsdale and Governor John Davis at dinner parties at the house in the 1950s.
Camptopleura is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
The Rising Stars Challenge is a basketball exhibition game held by the National Basketball Association (NBA) on the Friday before the annual All-Star Game as part of the All-Star Weekend.
The players are first- and second-year players selected by the NBA's assistant coaches.
Two people designated as "general managers" draft players for the two opposing teams.
The Rookie Challenge, established in 1994, was originally competed by two randomly selected teams composed entirely of first-year players.
This format was continued until 1996, when it was changed to pit rookie teams of both the Eastern and the Western Conference against each other.
In 1999, the game was cancelled as a result of the NBA lockout.
Since the 1998 rookie class did not compete that year, the game was revamped and featured a team of standout first-year players ('Rookies') against a team of standout second-year players ('Sophomores').
For 2012 and 2013, the format was changed to having two teams drafted by Basketball Hall of Famers Charles Barkley (Team Chuck) and Shaquille O'Neal (Team Shaq).
In 2014, the two teams were drafted by Chris Webber (Team Webber) and Grant Hill (Team Hill).
The format of the game and name was changed to the Rising Stars Challenge in 2012.
The game format changed in 2015 to Team USA vs Team World, where each team should choose at least three Rookies and three Sophomores, and the squad of each team should have four back courts, four front courts and two swingmen.
Unlike regular NBA games, the game was divided into two twenty-minute halves plus multiple five-minute overtime periods, similar to men's college basketball.
The participating players were chosen by voting among the league's assistant coaches.
In the game, players wear their respective regular team uniforms, except for 2009, in which players wore fan-designed jerseys.
The head coaches of the two teams are the lead assistant coaches of the NBA All-Star Game coach.
Starting in 2009, two active NBA players were added to the game coaching staffs.
The game is currently sponsored by Mtn Dew Kickstart.
Before 2012, the event was known as the Rookie Challenge, officially named the T-Mobile Rookie Challenge and Youth Jam.
Zion Williamson was selected as Wendell Carter Jr.'s replacement.
Tyler Herro is unable to participate due to a sore right ankle.
Collin Sexton was selected as Tyler Herro's  replacement.
Deandre Ayton is unable to participate due to a sore left ankle.
Nicolò Melli was selected as Deandre Ayton's replacement.
Kevin Knox was selected as Lonzo Ball's replacement.
Taurean Prince was selected as Malcolm Brogdon's replacement.
Lonzo Ball is unable to participate due to a knee injury.
De'Aaron Fox was selected as Lonzo Ball's replacement.
Abrines was named as Embiid's replacement.
Mudiay was unable to participate due to a back injury.
Hernangómez was named as Mudiay's replacement.
Nerlens Noel was unable to participate due to injury.
Devin Booker was named as Noel's replacement.
Nikola Mirotić was unable to participate due to injury.
Trey Lyles was named as Mirotić's replacement.
Team USA won 157–154 in the highest scoring game in Rising Stars Challenge history.
Zach LaVine was named MVP, leading all of the USA team with 30 points while also recording 7 rebounds and 4 assists.
Jordan Clarkson, D'Angelo Russell, and Devin Booker all scored over 20 points, with Russell also recording 7 assists.
Kristaps Porziņģis and Emmanuel Mudiay led the way for Team World with 30 points each, with Andrew Wiggins also scoring 29 points.
Nurkić was named as Adams' replacement.
Carter-Williams was unable to participate due to injuries.
Covington was named as Carter-Williams' replacement.
Olynyk was unable to participate due to injury.
Dellavedova was named as Olynyk's replacement.
Nurkić decided to not participate for personal reasons.
Papanikolaou was named as Nurkić's replacement.
The World team won against the U.S. 121-112 at the Rising Stars Challenge at All-Star weekend.
Canada's Andrew Wiggins scored 22 points, and Rudy Gobert added 18 points, 12 rebounds and three blocks.
Brooklyn's Bojan Bogdanovic of Croatia, and Chicago's Nikola Mirotić of Montenegro added 16 points each for the World team.
Victor Oladipo of the Orlando Magic and Zach LaVine of the Minnesota Timberwolves led the U.S. team with 22 points each.
Andrew Wiggins, the 2014 NBA draft 1st overall pick, won the game's MVP award.
Miles Plumlee was named Pero Antić's replacement.
Andrew Nicholson was named Andre Drummond's replacement.
A few days before the game, Tiago Splitter was injured and was replaced by Derrick Favors.
Lin played only nine minutes in the game, at his request, due to exhaustion from his rise to stardom that month.
Tiago Splitter was unable to participate due to injury.
Kawhi Leonard did not play due to a strained right calf.
Derrick Favors was named Tiago Splitter's replacement.
James Harden was named Tyreke Evans' replacement.
Anthony Morrow was named as a replacement for Derrick Rose.
Much of the hype centered on rookie phenoms LeBron James and Carmelo Anthony, who had 33 and 17 points respectively.
Amar'e Stoudemire set a Rookie Challenge record with 36 points (it has since been broken).
This was the last time the game was played on a Saturday.
Reece William Connolly (born 22 January 1992) is an English footballer who plays as a striker for Crowborough Athletic in the Southern Counties East Premier Division.
He was a first year scholar with Aldershot Town during the 2008–09 season and he made 14 reserve team appearances and was joint reserve team top scorer with four goals.
On 18 August 2009, Connolly made his Football League and first team debut for Aldershot Town, when he came on as a substitute against Bournemouth at the Dean Court.
His home debut was made a month later, when he came on as a substitute against Port Vale, at the Recreation Ground on 12 September 2009.
On 28 January 2010, it was announced that Connolly was joining Conference National side Salisbury City on a month's loan deal.
Connolly spent further time on loan with non-league club such as Didcot Town, Dorchester Town and Farnborough where he had two loan spells.
On 9 February 2012, Connolly signed a new one-year contract with Aldershot which included the possibility of a second year.
In an effort to reduce their wage bill Farnborough allowed Connolly to join Conference National side Forest Green Rovers on loan in March 2013 until the end of the season.
Despite scoring on his debut on in a 2–0 away win against Ebbsfleet United, Connolly was not offered a full-time contract and returned to his parent club at the end of the season.
It was reported that Connolly was struggling to come to terms with part-time football and in November 2013 he was suspended by Farnborough after failing a drugs test.
His contract with the club was subsequently cancelled.
He scored three times in Eastleigh's run-in to the Conference South title, including the winner in the 1–0 home win over Chelmsford on 11 March.
On 2 April 2014 Connolly was found guilty of drug use and banned from all football by the FA for six months.
He was released from his contract by mutual consent at the end of the season.
Connolly also played for Hill while on loan at Didcot Town from Aldershot.
Connolly left The Hawks in January 2017, despite nine league and cup goals in 21 games, including a hat-trick at Lewes in a Sussex Senior Cup tie.
He made his debut in a FA Cup extra preliminary round against Lingfield, where he scored the opening goal in a 2–0 win at Maidstone United's Gallagher Stadium.
FK Grafičar Beograd (Serbian Cyrillic: ФК Графичар Београд) is a football club based in Belgrade, Serbia.
Grafičar has a reputation of popularity as an old Belgrade amateur club.
The club is currently competing in Serbian First League, the second tier of Serbian football.
In 2017, Grafičar became affiliated with Red Star Belgrade.
As the feeder team, its primary role is developing Red Star's young players.
The club colour is purple (violet), which is why their fans are called Violet Boys.
Some of the club most notable former players are Goran Bunjevčević, Đorđe Svetličić, Željko Kolić, Dragan Pantelić, Nikola Stančić, Nemanja Vučićević, László Köteles, Milutin Sredojević, Nikola Cvetković, Nikola Jurišić, Vladimir Rodić.
Boris Sekulić who became Slovak international, played in the club in season 2009–10.
Anglo Continental Holidays Ltd. v. Typaldos Lines (London) Ltd. is a notable English legal case with a judgement by Lord Denning which clarified much of the common law relating to small print conditions.
A trip was advertised for the Atlantica (with two swimming pools and spacious accommodation) but the line substituted the much smaller Angelika.
Tapaldos Lines also shortened a two-day call at Haifa, Israel to just eight hours.
The line referred to a clause in the passenger contract that indicated, "..steamers, sailing, rates and itineraries are subject to change without prior notice."
The court ruled that the substitution was a radical departure from the performance of the contract and granted monetary damages to the plaintiffs.
Denning said: "In my opinion a steamship company cannot rely on a clause of this kind so as to alter the substance of the transaction..." The case is still cited in legal opinions regarding injury to commercial reputation.
The case is very relevant today where it is often customary and expected that after the act of purchase of a piece of technology the customer will agree to a huge amount of conditions which they assume are fair.
Myongjo () is a type of typography used in Korea.
Myongjo is the Sino-Korean reading of ‘Ming dynasty’ (cf.
Minchō).
Myongjo is used in newspaper reports and in books.
There are many kinds of Myongjo, including '신명조 (ShinMyongjo)' and '견명조 (GyeonMyongjo)'.
Category:Typography
The Wianno Senior is a  gaff rigged sloop.
The boat is raced on Nantucket Sound by four Cape Cod yacht clubs: Bass River Yacht Club, Hyannis Yacht Club, Hyannis Port Yacht Club, and Wianno Yacht Club.
They requested Horace Manley Crosby to design a sailboat for racing on Nantucket Sound.
Manley Crosby was a member of the Crosby family, noted for building the famous Crosby catboats.
Fourteen boats were delivered and raced that summer.
Those fourteen boats were No.
1 Dione, No.
2 Wendy, No.
3 Telemark, No.
4 A.P.H., No.
5 Commy, No.
6 Snookums, No.
7 Bob White, No.
8 Sea Dog, No.
9 Marie, No.
10 Qui Vive, No.
11 Fantasy, No.
12 Whistle Wing, No.
13 Maxixe, and No.
14 Ethyl.
All but two of these original boats have been lost.
No.
7 now known as Tirza is in Osterville MA and No.
11 Fantasy is in the collections of Mystic Seaport Museum in Mystic, CT. All the other original boats have been lost due to deterioration, fires, or hurricanes.
See the book, The Senior, privately published in 1989 for the boat's 75th anniversary, for more information of the history of the class.
That history was adapted from the article "Warriors of Wianno".
The book also contains several articles and photos by Wianno Senior owners and sailors.
At about the same time, Wooden Boat magazine published two articles on the Wianno Senior as part of the boat's 75th anniversary.
The first, "The Wianno Senior", describes the boat's history and construction and includes several photos.
Page 66 shows a photo of, perhaps, the most famous Wianno Senior sailor, President Jack Kennedy.
His boat, Victura, hull no.
94, is now on display at the John F. Kennedy Library in the Dorchester neighborhood of Boston, Massachusetts.
The second article in that issue of Wooden Boat is by Jack Fallon.
That article provides a short tutorial, Tuning Up with Jack Fallon, on how to sail a Wianno Senior.
Jack won the Scudder Cup, the annual class championship, a record nine times between 1949, when the Cup was established, and 1976.
That DVD provides updates to the class history beyond the 75th anniversary and discusses the recovery of the class from the devastating boat yard fire on December 10, 2003, in which 21 Seniors were destroyed, 18 of them the classic wooden Seniors.
Two boat yards are still building Wianno Seniors.
Crosby Yacht Yard, Inc. in Osterville, Massachusetts, and E M Crosby Boatworks in West Barnstable MA.
Hull numbers through 173 were wooden boats; subsequent boats are being built of fiberglass.
Hull number 219 will be launched in 2015 by E M Crosby Boatworks.
Several hull numbers were omitted in the sequence.
Sir William Richard Carter Chaytor, 2nd Baronet (7 February 1805 – 9 February 1871) was a British politician and businessman.
Chaytor was the eldest son of Sir William Chaytor, 1st Baronet, by his wife Isabella, daughter of John Carter.
He was Whig Member of Parliament for the City of Durham from 1831 to 1835 and, with his father, a supporter of Earl Grey and of the Reform Act 1832.
However, Chaytor was criticised for being an ineffectual MP and neglecting his duties.
Chaytor married firstly Annie Lacy in 1836.
After her death in childbirth in 1837 he married secondly a Miss Smith, daughter of John Whitney Smith, in 1852.
There were children from both marriages.
Chaytor died in February 1871, aged 66, and was succeeded in the baronetcy by his son from his first marriage, William.
Lady Chaytor died in May 1904.
Debrett's Peerage and Baronetage (1990 edition).
Richhill Castle is a 17th-century Grade A listed country house in the large village of Richhill, in the townland of Legacorry, Armagh, Northern Ireland roughly halfway between Armagh and Portadown.
It is a two-storey building with a gabled attic in the high pitched roof.
It consists of a 5-bay central range flanked by two wings, all with Dutch-style gables.
The property passed down to his granddaughter Anne, who had married Major Edward Richardson.
The present house was constructed between 1664 and 1669 for Major Richardson, who served as MP for County Armagh from 1661 to 1689 and was appointed High Sheriff of Armagh for 1665–66.
The estate and village then came to be known as Richhill.
It was inherited by Edward's son William, twice MP for Co. Armagh (1692-95 and 1715–27) and High Sheriff in 1690, who died without an heir in 1727.
The property passed to his brother John and thence to John's grandson William, also MP for Co. Armagh from 1783 to 1798 and High Sheriff for 1777.
He commissioned ornate gates and railings eighteen to twenty feet high topped with the Richardson family's Coat of Arms from the Thornberry Brothers of Armagh.
These were removed in 1936 "for safe keeping" to Hillsborough Castle, then the residence of the Governor of Northern Ireland.
William married twice and left three daughters, none of whom had children.
The estate therefore passed in 1881 to the Richardson's of Rossfad House, Co. Fermanagh, inherited by Colonel John Mervyn Archdall Carleton Richardson, JP and Deputy Lieutenant and High Sheriff in 1888.
Since that time there have been various owners, including Major Robert Gordon Berry, the Northern Ireland Education Authority and Sam Hewitt.
Sam Hewitt sold it in 1959 to the Lyttle family, the present owners, who have restored much of the house and garden.
There are plans to raise a trust fund and put the building into community use.
The Latécoère 24 was a French three-engined parasol winged flying boat, built in 1927 to test the longer stretches of the South Atlantic crossing.
Trials showed that it was overweight and consequently performed below specification.
One obvious route from France's colonial possessions in West Africa and the Brazilian mainland involved a 1,400 mi ( 2,250 km) flight due south, from the Cape Verde Islands to Fernando de Noronha, as its greatest step.
The aircraft they designed to do this was a three-engined parasol winged flying boat, the Latécoère 24.
It was designed to carry mail, not passengers.
With its parasol wing high above the hull, the three engines which were mounted in the upper surface were well clear of spray.
Two of the three 500 hp (373 kW) Farman 12 Wd W-12 water-cooled inline engines were mounted as close to the centre line as propeller clearance would allow, in tractor configuration; the third was mounted on the centre line as a pusher.
This arrangement minimised the asymmetric forces resulting from the loss of any one engine.
Each drove a four-bladed propeller.
The wing itself was rectangular in plan, square tipped and with a low aspect ratio of about 5.8.
It was a steel structure, fabric covered.
The ailerons filled most of the trailing edge and carried compensators.
The major structural connections between wing and hull were via the sponsons; one pair of wide streamlined struts leaned outwards from the sponson tips to mid-span on each side, and another pair went almost vertically upwards from the same point.
Struts direct from wing to fuselage strengthened the centre section, supported the engines and transferred their loads.
Seen side on, the Latécoère 24's fuselage was slender and elegant, yet from below it was broad beamed to match the stubby wings.
At the widest point its beam was 3.5 m and its height 1.70 m (11 ft 6 in x 5 ft 7 in).
It was built of spruce and ash.
The trapezoidal sponsons were largely wooden, with metal longerons.
There was a mooring position in the nose with a post room aft, followed by positions for navigator and radio operator.
The pilot sat in an open cockpit to starboard.
Behind him were fuel tanks within firewalls, followed by mail compartments.
The planing bottom had two steps, the first at the trailing edge of the sponsons and the second well aft.
The tail unit had a wide chord rounded fin that carried a nearly semi-circular rudder and a tailplane at mid height to keep it clear of the water.
The tailplane incidence was adjustable on the ground; the elevators had leading edge compensators like those fitted to the ailerons.
The Latécoère 24 flew for the first time from Saint-Laurent-de-la-Salanque at the end of 1927, crewed by pilot Prévot and engineer Hoff.
Official trials followed and the results were not encouraging.
Much of the criticism was aimed at the fuselage, chiefly its hydrodynamics and its weight.
Overall, the aircraft was some 10% heavier than had been calculated in the contract, and as a result speed, range and altitude were below the expected values.
There were also concerns about the reliability of the Farman engines.
Consequently, Latécoère began to design a similar aircraft with a new and lighter hull and more reliable Renault engines, but this, the Latécoère 27, never got off the drawing board.
Meanwhile, the Latécoère 24 was seriously damaged at its moorings when a squall lifted it onto a jetty on the Salanque.
No more were built.
California's 61st State Assembly district is one of 80 California State Assembly districts.
It is currently represented by Democrat Jose Medina of Riverside.
The district is primarily suburban.
In the United States House of Representatives, the 61st Assembly District is part of the .
The R493 is a regional road in County Tipperary, Ireland linking Nenagh, via Puckane, Coolbawn, Ballinderry where it crosses the Ballyfinboy River and Terryglass to Carrigahorig.
The road is approximately  long.
The road arcs to the west of the N52 and N65 which cover the distance in .
The 1996 Southern Conference Men's Basketball Tournament took place from February 29–March 3, 1996, at the Greensboro Coliseum in Greensboro, North Carolina.
The Western Carolina Catamounts, led by head coach Phil Hopkins, won their first Southern Conference title and received the automatic berth to the 1996 NCAA Tournament.
Teams were seeded based on conference winning percentage.
The tournament used a preset bracket consisting of four rounds, the first of which featured one game, with the winners moving on to the quarterfinal round.
Diet in Hinduism varies with its diverse traditions.
The ancient and medieval Hindu text recommend ahimsa—non-violence against all life forms including animals because they believe that it minimizes animal deaths.
Many Hindus follow a vegetarian or lacto-vegetarian diet that are in sync with nature, compassionate, respectful of other life forms.
Diet of non-vegetarian Hindus can include eggs, fish, poultry and goat meat.
For slaughtering animals and birds for food, meat-eating Hindus often favor jhatka (quick death) style preparation of meat since Hindus believe that this method minimizes trauma and suffering to the animal.
Ancient Hindu texts describe the whole of creation as a vast food chain, and the cosmos as a giant food cycle.
Hindu mendicants (sannyasin) avoid preparing their own food, relying either on alms or harvesting seeds and fruits from forests, as this minimizes the likely harm to other life forms and nature.
The hymn 10.87.16 of the Hindu scripture Rigveda (~1200–1500 BCE), states Nanditha Krishna, condemns all killings of men, cattle and horses, and prays to god Agni to punish those who kill.
According to Harris, from ancient times, vegetarianism became a well accepted mainstream Hindu tradition.
The Upanishads and Sutra texts invoke the concept of virtuous self-restraint in matters of food, while the Samhitas discuss what and when certain foods are suitable.
A few Hindu texts such as Hathayoga Pradipika combine both.
Moderation in diet is called Mitahara, and this is discussed in Shandilya Upanishad, as well as by Svātmārāma as a virtue.
It is one of the yamas (virtuous self restraints) discussed in ancient Indian texts.
Some of the earliest ideas behind Mitahara trace to ancient era Taittiriya Upanishad, which in various hymns discusses the importance of food to healthy living, to the cycle of life, as well as to its role in one's body and its effect on Self (Atman, Spirit).
The Upanishad, states Stiles, notes “from food life springs forth, by food it is sustained, and in food it merges when life departs”.
Many ancient and medieval Hindu texts debate the rationale for a voluntary stop to cow slaughter and the pursuit of vegetarianism as a part of a general abstention from violence against others and all killing of animals.
Some significant debates between pro-non-vegetarianism and pro-vegetarianism, with mention of cattle meat as food, is found in several books of the Hindu epic, the Mahabharata, particularly its Book III, XII, XIII and XIV.
It is also found in the Ramayana.
These two epics are not only literary classics, but they have also been popular religious classics.
The Bhagavad Gita includes verses on diet and moderation in food in Chapter 6.
It states in verse 6.16 that a Yogi must neither eat too much nor too little, neither sleep too much nor too little.
Understanding and regulating one’s established habits about eating, sleeping and recreation is suggested as essential to the practice of yoga in verse 6.17.
Another ancient Indian text, Tirukkuṛaḷ, originally written in the South Indian language of Tamil, states moderate diet as a virtuous lifestyle and criticizes "non-vegetarianism" in its Pulaan Maruthal (abstinence from flesh or meat) chapter, through verses 251 through 260.
Verse 251, for instance, questions "how can one be possessed of kindness, who, to increase his own flesh, eats the flesh of other creatures."
It also says that "the wise, who are devoid of mental delusions, do not eat the severed body of other creatures" (verse 258), suggesting that "flesh is nothing but the despicable wound of a mangled body" (verse 257).
It continues to say that not eating meat is a practice more sacred than the most sacred religious practices ever known (verse 259) and that only those who refrain from killing and eating the kill are worthy of veneration (verse 260).
This text, written before 400 CE, and sometimes called the Tamil Veda, discusses eating habits and its role in a healthy life (Mitahara), dedicating Chapter 95 of Book 7 to it.
Tirukkuṛaḷ states in verses 943 through 945, "eat in moderation, when you feel hungry, foods that are agreeable to your body, refraining from foods that your body finds disagreeable".
Tiruvalluvar also emphasizes overeating has ill effects on health, in verse 946, as “the pleasures of health abide in the man who eats moderately.
It recommends that one must "eat only when one feels hungry" and "neither overeat nor eat to completely fill the capacity of one's stomach; rather leave a quarter portion empty and fill three quarters with quality food and fresh water".
Verses 1.59 to 1.61 of Hathayoga Pradipika suggest a mitahara regimen of a yogi avoids foods with excessive amounts of sour, salt, bitterness, oil, spice burn, unripe vegetables, fermented foods or alcohol.
The practice of Mitahara, in Hathayoga Pradipika, includes avoiding stale, impure and tamasic foods, and consuming moderate amounts of fresh, vital and sattvic foods.
In Chapter 10 of Sushruta Samhita, for example, the diet and nutrition for pregnant women, nursing mothers, and young children are described.
It recommends milk, butter, fluid foods, fruits, vegetables and fibrous diets for expecting mothers along with soups made from jangala (wild) meat.
In most cases, vegetarian diets are preferred and recommended in the Samhitas; however, for those recovering from injuries, growing children, those who do high levels of physical exercise, and expecting mothers, Sutrasthanam's Chapter 20 and other texts recommend carefully prepared meat.
Sushruta Samhita also recommends a rotation and balance in foods consumed, in moderation.
For this purposes, it classifies foods by various characteristics, such as taste.
In Chapter 42 of Sutrasthanam, for example, it lists six tastes – madhura (sweet), amla (acidic), lavana (salty), katuka (pungent), tikta (bitter) and kashaya (astringent).
It then lists various sources of foods that deliver these tastes and recommends that all six tastes (flavors) be consumed in moderation and routinely, as a habit for good health.
In performing this act, he should honour it, never speak ill, and never find fault in it.
Everyone needs food, and everything is food for something or someone else.
Living beings eat and are eaten, state the ancient Hindu texts, the whole of creation is a vast food chain, the cosmos a giant food cycle.
The Dharmasastra literature, states Patrick Olivelle, admonishes "people not to cook for themselves alone", offer it to the gods, to forefathers, to fellow human beings as hospitality and as alms to the monks and needy.
All living beings are interdependent in matters of food, thus food must be respected, worshipped and taken with care.
Olivelle states that the Shastras recommend that when a person sees food, he should fold his hands, bow to it, and say a prayer of thanks.
This reverence for food reaches a state of extreme in the renouncer or monk traditions in Hinduism.
The Hindu tradition views procurement and preparation of food as necessarily a violent process, where other life forms and nature are disturbed, in part destroyed, changed and reformulated into something edible and palatable.
The mendicants (sannyasin, ascetics) avoid being the initiator of this process, and therefore depend entirely on begging for food that is left over of householders.
In pursuit of their spiritual beliefs, states Olivelle, the "mendicants eat other people's left overs".
If they cannot find left overs, they seek fallen fruit or seeds left in field after harvest.
The forest hermits of Hinduism, on the other hand, do not even beg for left overs.
Their food is wild and uncultivated.
Their diet would consist mainly of fruits, roots, leaves, and anything that grows naturally in the forest.
They avoided stepping on plowed land, lest they hurt a seedling.
They attempted to live a life that minimizes, preferably eliminates, the possibility of harm to any life form.
In verses 3.267 to 3.272, Manusmriti approves of fish and meats of deer, antelope, poultry, goat, sheep, rabbit and others as part of sacrificial food.
In an exegetical analysis of Manusmriti, Patrick Olivelle states that the document shows opposing views on eating meat was common among ancient Hindus, and that underlying emerging thought on appropriate diet was driven by ethic of non-injury and spiritual thoughts about all life forms, the trend being to reduce the consumption of meat and favour a non-injurious vegetarian lifestyle.
As a consequence, many Hindus prefer a vegetarian or lacto-vegetarian lifestyle, and methods of food production that are in harmony with nature, compassionate, and respectful of other life forms as well as nature.
Vegetarianism is considered satvic, that is purifying the body and mind lifestyle in some Hindu texts.
Lacto-vegetarianism is favored by many Hindus, which includes milk-based foods and all other non-animal derived foods, but it excludes meat and eggs.
There are three main reasons for this: the principle of nonviolence (ahimsa) applied to animals, the intention to offer only vegetarian food to their preferred  deity and then to receive it back as prasad, and the conviction that non-vegetarian food is detrimental for the mind and for spiritual development.
Many Hindus point to scriptural bases, such as the Mahabharata'''s maxim that "Nonviolence is the highest duty and the highest teaching", as advocating a vegetarian diet.
A typical modern urban Hindu lacto-vegetarian meal is based on a combination of grains such as rice and wheat, legumes, green vegetables, and dairy products.
Depending on the geographical region the staples may include millet based flatbreads.
Fat derived from slaughtered animals is avoided.
A number of Hindus, particularly those  following the Vaishnav tradition, refrain from eating onions and garlic during Chaturmas period (roughly July - November of Gregorian calendar).
In Maharashtra, a number of Hindu families also do not eat any  egg plant (Brinjal / Aubergine) preparations during this period.
The followers of ISKCON (International Society for Krishna Consciousness, Hare Krishna) abstain from meat, fish, and fowl.
The related Pushtimargi sect followers also avoid certain vegetables such as onion, mushrooms and garlic, out of the belief that these are tamas (harmful).Narayanan, Vasudha.
“The Hindu Tradition”.
In A Concise Introduction to World Religions, ed.
Willard G. Oxtoby and Alan F. Segal.
New York: Oxford University Press, 2007 Swaminarayan movement members staunchly adhere to a diet that is devoid of meat, eggs, and seafood.
Only certain kinds of foods are allowed to be eaten during the fasting period.
These include milk and other dairy products such as dahi, fruit and starchy Western food items such as sago, potatoes, purple-red sweet potatoes, amaranth seeds, nuts and shama millet.
Popular fasting dishes include Farari chevdo, Sabudana Khichadi'' or peanut soup.
According to a survey, 53% of all non-vegetarians in India are Hindus.
According to an estimate, only about 10% of Hindus in Suriname are vegetarians and less than five percent of Hindus in Guyana are vegetarians.
Non-vegetarian Hindus prefer poultry, fish, other seafood, goat, and sheep as their sources of meat.
In the Bengal and Assam regions, fish is a staple of most communities including Brahmins.
Fish is also the staple of the Saraswat Brahmin community of coastal south-western India.
It should, however, be noted that in other parts of India, even meat-eating Hindus have lacto-vegetarian meals on most days.
According to a United Nations sponsored study, the main determinant of per capita meat consumption appears to be wealth.Countries in South Asia have very low consumption of meat, egg and fish compared to wealthy nations such as the United States.
Overall, India consumes the least amount of meat per capita.
Hindus who do eat meat, often distinguish all other meat from beef.
The respect for cow is part of Hindu belief, and most Hindus avoid meat sourced from cow as cows are treated as a motherly giving animal, considered as another member of the family.
A small minority of Nepalese Hindu sects sacrificed buffalo at the Gadhimai festival, but consider cows different from buffalo or other red meat sources.
However, the sacrifice of buffalo was banned by the Gadhimai Temple Trust in 2015.
The Cham Hindus of Vietnam also do not eat beef and pork.
Some Hindus who eat non-vegetarian food abstain from eating non-vegetarian food during auspicious days like Dussera,  Janmastami, Diwali, etc.
Many Shaivites also eat meat, who require the Jhatka processing method.
Many Vaishnava avoid meat.
Among the Hindus of Nepal, annual festivals mark the sacrifice of goats, pigs, buffalo, chickens and other animals, and ritually produced Jhatka meat is consumed.
Bloodwynd is a fictional necromancer published by DC Comics.
He first appears in Justice League America #61 (April 1992), and was created by Dan Jurgens.
These slaves performed an ancient ritual to create a mystical Blood Gem, with which they killed Whitney.
The Blood Gem was passed down among the slaves' descendants.
The Gem bestowed great physical powers on its wearer; unbeknownst to them, it also contained a microscopic world, where Jacob Whitney's spirit had become incarnate as the demon Rott.
Over the years Rott grew ever stronger, as the Gem absorbed the dark side of each wearer's soul.
In recent times, Rott sucked Bloodwynd into the Gem and held him captive, whilst mind controlling the Martian Manhunter, compelling him to wear the Gem and impersonate Bloodwynd.
Using Bloodwynd's identity, the Manhunter rejoined the Justice League, seeking a power source which would enable Rott to escape from his micro-world.
While the JLA fought Doomsday alongside Superman, Blue Beetle realized Bloodwynd's identity when his cryptic teammate was incapacitated by fire (to which the Martian Manhunter was especially vulnerable).
Once the truth was exposed, the Justice League battled Rott and freed the real Bloodwynd.
Bloodwynd remained with the Justice League after they rescued him from imprisonment within the Gem.
Later, he withheld information from the League about an offer of alliance from the mystical villain Dreamslayer.
Bloodwynd did not join Dreamslayer.
Sensing a strange kinship with him, however, he would not oppose him either.
During the Overmaster storyline, Bloodwynd was also strangely inactive, refusing to take action against what he perceived to be a natural course of events.
These two incidents caused Bloodwynd to question his membership in the League.
He voluntarily put himself on reserve status.
He later appeared in Showcase '94 #5 (May 1994), written by Ruben Diaz and illustrated by Max Douglas.
In this story, Bloodwynd reveals more about the nature of his morality and powers, and punishes a drug dealer by forcing him to experience the pain of his victims.
In JLA #27 (March 1999), Bloodwynd officially joins an emergency expansion of the Justice League in order to battle a rampaging Amazo.
The battle, which takes place in the Florida Everglades, goes badly as most of the JLA are defeated and their powers copied.
Amazo loses his powers when Superman officially disbands the league.
In the latter storyline, he was badly injured by the Diablos, a group of Mafia-styled demons who wished to gain revenge for demons slain during the Day of Judgement.
He was seen in a cameo during a bar brawl in the Oblivion Bar in Superman/Batman.
He then assists as part of a super-army in taking down multiple cosmic threats against the entire multiverse.
A different Bloodwynd is part of an Earth which is free of crime due to Superman's robots.
Bloodwynd manages to break free of the ennui surrounding the heroes as he recalls his heroic past; he realizes there is more to life than letting the robots handle everything.
It grants him the power of flight, optic blasts, superhuman strength and durability as well as other unspecified mystical powers.
The limits of his power are unknown, but have been hinted to be vast.
In an encounter with the energy draining villain Starbreaker, the villain is shocked by the amount of energy inside Bloodwynd, stating it exceeds even that of Superman.
Bloodwynd is also an accomplished necromancer.
He can summon the spirits of the dead, which give him life energy and increased power.
Alopecurus setarioides is a species of foxtail grass that is found in France, Greece, Italy and Turkey.
It prefers wet places, including ditches.
The 1921 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship was the 35th staging of Ireland's premier Gaelic football knock-out competition.
Dublin were the winners.
were chosen to represent the province.
Dublin's Semi-Final win v Monaghan was played just one week after Dublin's loss in the 1920 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship Final.
Despite this they had to wait almost one year to play the final, owing to the political turmoil.
Mayo's Semi-Final v Tipperary was originally scheduled for 15 April 1923, but was postponed for one week.
Mayo refused a walk-over from Tipperary in respect of the Semi-Final scheduled for 22 April 1923, and the match was again re-scheduled for 29 April.
Tipperary could not field a team on 29 April.
References
Gaylord Nunatak () is a nunatak rising to about ,  north-northeast of Schmutzler Nunatak in the southeast end of the Grossman Nunataks, Ellsworth Land, Antarctica.
It was mapped by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) from surveys and U.S. Navy aerial photographs, 1961–68, and from Landsat imagery, 1973–74.
It was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names in 1987 after Chauncey L. Gaylord, a USGS cartographer, 1942–76, Chief of the Compilation Unit in the Branch of Special Maps, working for many years in the preparation of Antarctic maps.
RGP, formerly known as Resources Global Professionals, is the operating arm of Resources Connection, Inc. (NASDAQ:RECN).
The company provides consulting services in the areas of finance & accounting; information management; governance, risk & compliance (GRC); human capital; legal & regulatory; corporate advisory & restructuring; strategic communications; and supply chain management.
As of fiscal year ending May 28, 2016, the company employed 3,283 professionals in 68 offices in 20 countries around the world.
The company reported serving over 1,700 clients.
Company headquarters are located in Irvine, CA.
The company operated as a part of Deloitte from June 1996 until April 1999 when a management-led buyout was completed in partnership with several investors.
In December 2000, the company completed an initial public offering of common stock and began trading on the NASDAQ Stock Market.
Hoover's recognized the IPO as one of the ten best performing of that quarter.
The company now trades as one of the members of the NASDAQ Global Select index.
In January 2005, the company changed its operating entity name to Resources Global Professionals to better reflect the Company's multinational capabilities.
The company operated solely in the United States until 2000, when it opened its first three international offices and began to expand geographically.
In December 2012, the company shortened Resources Global Professionals to RGP, and announced new sub-brands RGP Healthcare and RGP Legal.
In June 2013, Donald B. Murray relinquished his position as the company's Chief Executive Officer, and Anthony Cherbak succeeded him as the company's new Chief Executive Officer.
Murray remained in his role as Executive Chairman.
In July 2015, the company announced Donald B. Murray will retire from his role as Executive Chairman at the end of August 2015, and remain Chairman of the Board.
In December 2016, the company announced the promotion of Kate Duchene to President and Chief Executive Officer, effective December 19, 2016.
Ms. Duchene had served as the company's Interim CEO since October 5, 2016, when Anthony Cherbak announced his unexpected retirement as CEO due to health considerations.
The company was also named to Forbes' Best Small Companies list for five straight years, and in 2006 was named #61 on FORTUNE's list of Fastest Growing Companies.
RGP offices are recognized as top workplaces in their regions.
Recent recognition includes Orange County, San Diego, Texas, Tulsa, Arizona, Tampa, and Connecticut.
Anacridium aegyptium, the Egyptian grasshopper, or Egyptian locust, is a species belonging to the family Acrididae subfamily Cyrtacanthacridinae.
The adult males grow up to  long, while females reach  of length.
Their body is usually gray, brown or olive coloured, the antennae are relatively short and robust.
Tibiae of the hind legs are blue, while femora are orange.
The hind femora have characteristic dark marks.
It is easily identifiable also by the characteristic eyes with vertical black and white stripes.
The pronotum shows a dorsal orange stripe and several white small spots.
The wings are clear with dark marks.
It is a solitary species, not harmful to crops.
Adults can mainly be encountered in August and September, but they are active throughout the year.
After mating these grasshoppers overwinter as adults.
Spawning occurs in spring just under the soil surface and the nymphs appear in April.
These grasshoppers undergo several molts.
The nymphs have the appearance of the adults, their color varies from yellow to bright green and ocher and the wings are absent or small, as they are gradually developed after each molting.
Ludovicae Ulricae reginae Svecorum, Gothorum, Vandalorum,… In quo animalia raroria, exotica, imprimis Insecta et Conchilia describuntur et determinantur Prodromi instar editum.
Szakmár () is a  village in Bács-Kiskun county, in the Southern Great Plain region of southern Hungary.
TEDOM L 12 is a low-entry intercity bus produced by now defunct bus manufacturing division of the company TEDOM from the Czech Republic since 2006 to 2012, when company ceased bus production.
It coincides front, low-floor portion (340 mm above the ground) bus after the second door, located approximately in the middle of the vehicle length.
The rear of the bus is accessible by two stairs.
TEDOM L 12 is a two-axle bus with monocoque body.
Frame chassis is welded thin-walled hollow sections of stainless steel.
The cladding is formed from aluminum-voltage plates, front of the bus and roof are made of fiberglass.
The interior is insulated by mats with aluminum foil.
Toughened glass windows are glued to the body.
To access and egress serving two double, electro-actuated doors on the right side, while both flows into low-floor space.
Motor and transmission are located under the floor in the back, high-floor of the bus.
The three gas cylinders (each with a volume of 320 l) for CNG are located on the roof in front of the car.
From the producer was offered also a diesel version with the designation L 12 D, but its production had no plans in the near future.
The first one was launched at the Nitra Motor Show in the autumn of the same year and is still owned by the manufacturer.
The second prototype was purchased by bus enterprise PSOTA in Znojmo.
In 2008 were produced four buses L 12: one bus was again delivered to Znojmo enterprise PSOTA (was exhibited at the Brno Trade Fair Autotec 2008), one to ČSAD Liberec and two to Bulgarian transport company from Burgas M-Bus.
"Studio 5, The Stars" is a short story by British author J. G. Ballard.
First appearing in the February 1961 edition of Science Fantasy (Volume 15, Number 43); it was reprinted in the collection Billennium the following year.
It later appeared in The Four-Dimensional Nightmare (1964), Vermilion Sands (1971) and The Complete Short Stories of J. G. Ballard (2006).
The story is characterised by weird technology and a subtle dystopian ambience.
Like the other stories in the collection and in other works by Ballard, the inhabitants of Vermilion Sands are disillusioned and anomic; and artistic culture - which has evolved through exotic and baroque media - is at a slump, in what Ballard later described as a "visionary present".
Davison is a patronymic surname, a contraction of Davidson, meaning "son of Davie (the pet form of David)".
There are alternate spellings, including those common in the British Isles and Scandinavia: Davisson, Daveson, Davidsson, and Davidsen.
It is also common as a French, Portuguese, Czech, and Jewish surname.
While the given name comes from the Hebrew "David", meaning beloved, Davison is rarely used as a masculine given name or nickname.
Newmarket Stadium is a proposed community stadium in Wakefield, and which will be leased to Wakefield Trinity in Stanley, Wakefield, West Yorkshire, England.
It will replace Belle Vue which has been home to the rugby league club for over 100 years.
Wakefield Trinity were hoping to move into the stadium for the start of the 2015 season but work has not started on the project due to the conditions for development, implemented by the Secretary of State following a public inquiry, not being met.
Gracillina is a genus of moths of the family Noctuidae.
Noni E. MacDonald  is a Canadian physician.
She is a Professor in the Department of Pediatrics and former Dean of the Faculty of Medicine at Dalhousie University.
In 2019 she was invested into the Order of Nova Scotia and Order of Canada.
She moved to the University of Ottawa for her graduate studies, where she specialised in microbiology.
She remained here for her medical degree, which she completed Magna cum Laude in 1975.
MacDonald was awarded the university medal for highest academic attainment.
She remained in Ottawa for her residency training and became board certified in 1978.
MacDonald completed her speciality training in paediatric infectious diseases at McGill University and the University of Rochester.
In 1983 MacDonald was the first paediatrician in Canada to complete the Royal College of Physicians and Surgeons of Canada certification in paediatric infectious diseases.
She led the Paediatric Infectious Diseases Service at the Children's Hospital of Eastern Ontario.
In 1996 MacDonald founded the journal Paediatrics & Child Health, which was the first Canadian journal on paediatric medicine.
Her research considered the microbiology of cystic fibrosis, sexually transmitted infections in adolescents and the development of vaccinations for infectious diseases.
In 1999 MacDonald left Ottawa and moved to Halifax, Nova Scotia.
At Dalhousie University she became the first woman in Canada to be elected Dean of a Faculty of Medicine, and held this position until 2004.
That year she was a founding member of the World Health Organisation Global Advisory Committee on Vaccine Safety, and has held various positions on technical committees and in training development since then.
She remains on their Strategic Advisory Committee on Immunisation, which considers the demand for vaccines, as well as serving as a consultant for vaccine safety.
As part of her work with the WHO MacDonald is developing the 2021 – 2030 Global Vaccine Action Plan.
In 2004, with support from the Canada Foundation for Innovation she founded the Canadian Center for Vaccinology (CCfV).
The CCfV was established to implement and evaluate vaccine technologies as well as training experts in infectious diseases and global health.
She has spoken about the dangers of vaccine hesitancy and how the internet permits the dangerous messaging of anti-vaxxers.
At Dalhousie University MacDonald teaches a course Addressing Evidence Denial in Public.
MacDonald serves on the advisory board of the National Collaborating Centre for Infectious Diseases and on the Board of Directors of Academics Without Borders.
MacDonald is interested in building the healthcare capacity of the developing world.
She co-founded East Africa's MicroResearch, a program that looks to support local health providers.
MicroResearch is modelled on principles from microfinance, developing solutions that are appropriate for the context and culture of African communities.
From 2008 to 2019 MicroResearch had led more than forty two-week workshops across seven African countries, training in excess of 1000 healthcare professionals and community members.
In particular MicroResearch looked to train women, improving their opportunities for leadership and tackling the gender gap in African research.
The success of the programme resulted in a similar version being launched in Canada in 2016.
She was invested into the Order of Nova Scotia in 2019.
That year she was also awarded the Lifetime Achievement Award from the Canadian Society for International Health.
In 2004 the Canadian Paediatric Society founded the Noni MacDonald Award, which is given annually to researchers who have positively affected paediatrics.
Alongside her research she enjoys skiing and pottery.
The Pentax Q7 is a compact digital mirrorless interchangeable lens camera announced by Pentax on June 12, 2013.
While the camera has a larger sensor than its predecessors, the Q and Q10, it is compatible with existing Q series lenses.
Dos Blockos was a squat situated on East 9th Street in Manhattan, New York City.
In active use as a squat from 1992–1999, the six-story building housed as many as 60 people at its peak.
The building was evicted in 1999 and converted into a commercial apartment building.
The squatters renovated the derelict building themselves, installing their own plumbing, electrical wiring, and roof.
The venture was funded in part by making the space available at intervals for concerts and short-term commercial ventures.
It was, for example, used as a venue for a photoshoot for the 1996 film Trainspotting.
A former resident cites the production's $500 a day rental fee as underwriting the cost of putting plumbing in the building.
Among the building's former residents was the late documentary filmmaker and Indymedia New York City journalist Brad Will.
The interior of the building needed help, and we brought that building back to life.
It was standing strong.
And the only reason it was standing was because people were living in it.
If we had let it go the way the city wanted it to go—they tore out the stairwell, they punched holes in the roof.
The water—the rain was rotting that building from the inside out.
We replaced the joists.
We rebuilt the floors.
We sheetrocked the walls and made the building alive.
What did they do?
They killed it.
That building is over a hundred years old.
It was standing strong.
The developers quickly began eviction proceedings against the Dos Blockos squatters, who had by then occupied the building for five years.
After years of legal struggles, the Dos Blockos squatters were alerted in early March 1999 by East Nine L.L.C.
that they would have to vacate the building by April 1 of that year.
Colleen McGuire, the lawyer who represented members of Dos Blockos from 1994–98, fought the action and told the New York Times, "They [Dos Blockos] made viable housing for homeless people and they should be rewarded."
Thirteen of the building's 22 residents were arrested and charged with obstruction of government administration.
City Councilwoman Margarita Lopez criticized the city for the eviction, noting the hard work of the squatters to restore the building, and for the excessive legal costs and police force employed by the city for a private interest at taxpayer expense.
"The only reason people took over this building is because it was abandoned 20 years ago... Now the neighborhood is a place to make millions of dollars, so landlords come."
"Where was the landlord 20 years ago?"
Lopez asked.
"Now... they're suddenly interested.
The fact that the city is doing the dirty work of a private landlord is an outrage.
Who's paying for all these cops?"
Only months before a squat, a  space in the renovated building now leased at $3,000 a month.
The infamous "Housing Is a Human Right" mural that once graced the building's facade is now gone.
Gyda Martha Kristine Christensen née Andersen (21 May 1872 –  20 August 1964)  was a Norwegian actress, dancer, choreographer and Managing Director.
He was the only child of Ole Andersen and Cathrine Saabye.
She received music and singing lessons during adolescence.
She was part of the ensemble at Christiania Theatre 1894-1899 and 1920–28, at Nationaltheatret 1899-1919.
She held a number of major roles, most often in the light genre.
She was engaged as dance  and artistic director at Det Nye Teater 1928-45.
In 1936-39 she was artistic director at Nationaltheatret.
In 1909-10 she became Managing Director for Nationaltheatret ballet school.
In 1937 she directed the film To levende og en død with her son-in-law Tancred Ibsen.
In 1946, she married  political leader Carl Joachim Hambro (1885–1964).
Shamina or Shah mina (Persian for "emperor's wool") refers to  a type of shawl made from Baby Cashmere wool.
The 1958 Limerick Senior Hurling Championship was the 64th staging of the Limerick Senior Hurling Championship since its establishment by the Limerick County Board in 1887.
Claughaun were the defending champions.
On 14 September 1958, Claughaun won the championship after a 2-09 to 1-04 defeat of Cappamore in the final.
It was their seventh championship title overall and their second championship title in succession.
Daughters of Zion Cemetery, also known as Zion Cemetery, Society Cemetery, and Old Oakwood Section, is a historic African-American cemetery located at Charlottesville, Virginia.
It was established in 1873, and contains an estimated 300 burial sites with 152 of the burials commemorated with 136 surviving grave markers.
It consists exclusively of marble and granite grave markers with a single 20 foot by 20 foot section enclosed with a cast iron fence.
Notable burials include Benjamin Tonsler (1854-1917), who built the Benjamin Tonsler House.
The city assumed title to the property in the 1970s, and the last burial occurred in 1995.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2010.
Sara Zerin is a Bangladeshi film actress.
This film was also debut film of Symon Sadik.
Her second film Onnorokom Bhalobasha was released on 14 February 2013 where Bappy Chowdhury was her co-star.
Arena Jaskółka Tarnów is an arena in Tarnów, Poland.
It is primarily used for handball and basketball.
Hala Unii holds 4,317 people and hosts the home games of SPR Tarnów and Unia Tarnów.
Shamarin () is a village in northern Aleppo Governorate, northwestern Syria.
It is located on the Queiq Plain,  northeast of Azaz, some  north of the city of Aleppo, and less than  south of the border to the Turkish province of Kilis.
The village administratively belongs to Nahiya Azaz in Azaz District.
Nearby localities include Shamarikh  to the south and Tulayl ash-Sham  to the southwest.
In the 2004 census, Shamarin had a population of 506.
References
K'Lavon Chaisson is an American college football outside linebacker for the LSU Tigers.
He quit playing football as a freshman in order to focus on basketball.
He returned to football going into his junior season.
He became an immediate starter at defensive end for the Mustangs, leading Texas high schoolers with 15.5 sacks along with 50 tackles, including 13 for loss, and forced three fumbles and helped lead North Shore to the Class 6A Division I state championship game and was named first-team All-State by the Associated Press.
Chaisson was named the defensive MVP of the game after recording two sacks, four tackles for loss, a blocked kick and a forced fumble in the game and making a game-saving tackle at fourth and goal to preserve a 21-14 win over Westlake High School.
As a senior, Chaisson was named the 21-6A District Defensive MVP as well as All-Midlands by Scout.com and was invited to play in the 2017 Under Armour All-America Game.
In the game he recorded six tackles, five of which were for loss, and tied the game's record with three sacks.
Rated a five star recruit by Scout.com and four star by 247Sports, ESPN and Rivals, Chaisson committed to play college football at Louisiana State University over offers from Florida and Texas.
Named a starter at outside linebacker going into the season, Chaisson made five tackles with a sack, a tackle for loss and a quarterback hurry in the season opener against Miami before suffering a knee injury in the fourth quarter.
He was diagnosed with a torn ACL the following day, ending his season and forcing him to use a medical redshirt.
Chaisson was chosen to wear the No.
18 Jersey by the Tigers' coaching staff going into his redshirt sophomore season.
He finished the season with 60 tackles and led the team with 6.5 sacks, 13.5 tackles for loss, and six quarterback hurries along with two passes broken up and a forced fumble and was named first team All-SEC.
Chaisson was named the Defensive MVP of the 2019 Peach Bowl after a six-tackle, two-sack performance against Oklahoma.
On January 17, 2020, Chaisson declared for the 2020 NFL Draft.
Kelvin Chaisson was shot and killed in 2014 at the age of 33 when K'Lavon was a sophomore in high school.
The Eastern Grassfields languages, spoken in the Western High Plateau of Cameroon, are a branch of the Grassfields languages including Bamun, Yamba and Bamileke.
The Sculpture of a Horse is an Archaic bronze sculpture.
It was discovered at Olympia during excavations in 1939 and is now displayed in the Archaeological Museum of Olympia.
The sculpture's creation is dated to the early 7th century BC.
The sculpture is 45.5 cm high and 47 cm long.
It was discovered in an archaic fountain under the mosaic floor of the House of Nero.
It is heavily dented, but entirely intact; only the ends of the legs and the tail have been broken off.
The curved tail had been snapped off, but it has been reattached to the sculpture.
Originally, the sculpture would have been about half a metre tall.
The horse is artistically and stylistically modest, and its execution is not outstanding, but it is of great art historical interest.
It represents a unique transitional piece, between the small scale of the Geometric style and the larger scale of the Archaic period, in which it was attempted to expand a smaller figure using traditional techniques.
The sculpture was made from two pieces which were cast separately as solid blocks and then connected to each other.
The casting technique was not suitable for sculptures of this size and the attempt to connect the two pieces without visible seam failed.
The two pieces both show casting defects as well.
Unsuccessful attempts to transfer Geometric small scale sculpture to a larger scale, like this, probably resulted in the development of hollow casting in the course of the 7th century BC.
As the sole surviving work of this kind, the sculpture of a horse is of great significance for understanding the history of metal casting.
Probably, the sculpture was intended to be a monument commemorating a victorious horse in the Olympic Games.
In Alfred Mallwitz, Hans-Volkmar Herrmann (ed.
): Die Funde aus Olympia.
Deutsches Archäologisches Institut, Athen 1980, pp.
125–126.
Wolf-Dieter Heilmeyer: Frühe olympische Bronzefiguren.
Die Tiervotive  (=Olympische Forschungen, Vol.
12).
De Gruyter, Berlin 1979, , pp.
167–170.
The Personnel Selection Branch () is a personnel branch of the Canadian Forces (CF).
The Personnel Selection branch was created in the Canadian Army on 18 September 1941.
Later on the Royal Canadian Air Force  and Royal Canadian Navy followed suit.
Officers of the Personnel Selection (PSEL) branch provide behavioural science services to enable the Canadian Forces (CF) to effectively assess, acquire, integrate, and maintain personnel for operational and support roles.
Through interviews, psychological testing, and other sources of information, PSOs assess the suitability of individuals for military service and recommend subsequent assignment to an appropriate military occupation for training.
They also assess and recommend the suitability of military personnel for special training or employment.
To enable the CF to meet its training and personnel requirements, PSOs provide professional advice to military commanders at all levels and conduct personnel applied and advanced behavioural research at the Director General Military Personnel Research Analysis(DGMPRA) at National Defence Headquarters (NDHQ).
They conduct occupational analyses at the Director Personnel Generation Policy at National Defence Headquarters.
Personnel Selection Officers also teach military leadership, management and behavioural sciences at the Royal Military College of Canada(RMC) and at the Canadian Forces Management Development School (CFMDS).
They train and monitor PSOs and Military Career Counsellors (MCCs) in the use of interview, personnel assessment and counselling techniques, either at a base or in recruiting centres.
They manage and administer military personnel resettlement programs such as the Second Career Assistance Network (SCAN) at NDHQ, Command Headquarters (CHQs), formations and bases.
On 5 Nov 07, the Chief of Military Personnel announced that the Personnel Selection branch was to merge with the Training Development branch along with some unspecified elements of the Logistics Branch to form a new Human resources branch.
Althin Caleb, (20 February 1866 - 29 January 1919) was a Swedish painter, illustrator and art teacher.
Althin studied at the Royal Swedish Academy of Arts in Stockholm 1885-1894, with the exception of some years abroad studying decorative painting.
He is perhaps best known as the founder of Althin's School of Painting (in Swedish: Althins målarskola) in 1896, where he was head teacher in freehand drawing.
For several decades the school played an important role, not least by preparing young artists for the Academy of Arts.
From 1912 he was also teacher in figure drawing at Konstfack in Stockholm.
Althin has made decorative works for Swedish churches; Sofia Church in Stockholm, Uppsala Cathedral and many other.
He also made magazine illustrations and posters.
Fiberglass (American English), or fibreglass (Commonwealth English) is a common type of fiber-reinforced plastic using glass fiber.
The fibers may be randomly arranged, flattened into a sheet (called a chopped strand mat), or woven into a fabric.
The plastic matrix may be a thermoset polymer matrix—most often based on thermosetting polymers such as epoxy, polyester resin,  or vinylester—or a thermoplastic.
Cheaper and more flexible than carbon fiber, it is stronger than many metals by weight, is non-magnetic, non-conductive, transparent to electromagnetic radiation, can be molded into complex shapes, and is chemically inert under many circumstances.
Applications include aircraft, boats, automobiles, bath tubs and enclosures, swimming pools, hot tubs, septic tanks, water tanks, roofing, pipes, cladding, orthopedic casts, surfboards, and external door skins.
Fiberglass covers are also widely used in the water treatment industry to help control odors.
Other common names for fiberglass are glass-reinforced plastic (GRP), glass-fiber reinforced plastic (GFRP) or GFK (from ).
Because glass fiber itself is sometimes referred to as "fiberglass", the composite is also called "fiberglass reinforced plastic".
This article will adopt the convention that "fiberglass" refers to the complete glass fiber reinforced composite material, rather than only to the glass fiber within it.
Mass production of glass strands was accidentally discovered in 1932 when Games Slayter, a researcher at Owens-Illinois, directed a jet of compressed air at a stream of molten glass and produced fibers.
A patent for this method of producing glass wool was first applied for in 1933.
Owens joined with the Corning company in 1935 and the method was adapted by Owens Corning to produce its patented "Fiberglas" (spelled with one "s") in 1936.
Originally, Fiberglas was a glass wool with fibers entrapping a great deal of gas, making it useful as an insulator, especially at high temperatures.
A suitable resin for combining the fiberglass with a plastic to produce a composite material was developed in 1936 by du Pont.
The first ancestor of modern polyester resins is Cyanamid's resin of 1942.
Peroxide curing systems were used by then.
With the combination of fiberglass and resin the gas content of the material was replaced by plastic.
This reduced the insulation properties to values typical of the plastic, but now for the first time the composite showed great strength and promise as a structural and building material.
Many glass fiber composites continued to be called "fiberglass" (as a generic name) and the name was also used for the low-density glass wool product containing gas instead of plastic.
Ray Greene of Owens Corning is credited with producing the first composite boat in 1937, but did not proceed further at the time due to the brittle nature of the plastic used.
In 1939 Russia was reported to have constructed a passenger boat of plastic materials, and the United States a fuselage and wings of an aircraft.
The first car to have a fiber-glass body was a 1946 prototype of the Stout Scarab, but the model did not enter production.
If a bulk piece of glass were defect-free, it would be equally as strong as glass fibers; however, it is generally impractical to produce and maintain bulk material in a defect-free state outside of laboratory conditions.
The manufacturing process for glass fibers suitable for reinforcement uses large furnaces to gradually melt the silica sand, limestone, kaolin clay, fluorspar, colemanite, dolomite and other minerals until a liquid forms.
It is then extruded through bushings, which are bundles of very small orifices (typically 5–25 micrometres in diameter for E-Glass, 9 micrometres for S-Glass).
These filaments are then sized (coated) with a chemical solution.
The individual filaments are now bundled in large numbers to provide a roving.
Examples of standard yields are 225yield, 450yield, 675yield.
tex, or grams per km (how many grams 1 km of roving weighs, inverted from yield; thus a smaller number means a lighter roving).
Examples of standard tex are 750tex, 1100tex, 2200tex.
These rovings are then either used directly in a composite application such as pultrusion, filament winding (pipe), gun roving (where an automated gun chops the glass into short lengths and drops it into a jet of resin, projected onto the surface of a mold), or in an intermediary step, to manufacture fabrics such as chopped strand mat (CSM) (made of randomly oriented small cut lengths of fiber all bonded together), woven fabrics, knit fabrics or uni-directional fabrics.
It consists of glass fibers laid randomly across each other and held together by a binder.
It is typically processed using the hand lay-up technique, where sheets of material are placed on a mold and brushed with resin.
Because the binder dissolves in resin, the material easily conforms to different shapes when wetted out.
After the resin cures, the hardened product can be taken from the mold and finished.
Using chopped strand mat gives the fiberglass isotropic in-plane material properties.
ensure proper bonding to the resin matrix, thus allowing for transfer of shear loads from the glass fibers to the thermoset plastic.
Without this bonding, the fibers can 'slip' in the matrix, causing localized failure.
Although it might be assumed that the fiber is weak in compression, it is actually only the long aspect ratio of the fiber which makes it seem so; i.e., because a typical fiber is long and narrow, it buckles easily.
On the other hand, the glass fiber is weak in shear—that is, across its axis.
Therefore, if a collection of fibers can be arranged permanently in a preferred direction within a material, and if they can be prevented from buckling in compression, the material will be preferentially strong in that direction.
Furthermore, by laying multiple layers of fiber on top of one another, with each layer oriented in various preferred directions, the material's overall stiffness and strength can be efficiently controlled.
In fiberglass, it is the plastic matrix which permanently constrains the structural glass fibers to directions chosen by the designer.
With chopped strand mat, this directionality is essentially an entire two dimensional plane; with woven fabrics or unidirectional layers, directionality of stiffness and strength can be more precisely controlled within the plane.
A fiberglass component is typically of a thin "shell" construction, sometimes filled on the inside with structural foam, as in the case of surfboards.
The component may be of nearly arbitrary shape, limited only by the complexity and tolerances of the mold used for manufacturing the shell.
The mechanical functionality of materials is heavily reliant on the combined performances of both the resin (AKA matrix) and fibers.
For example, in severe temperature conditions (over 180 °C), the resin component of the composite may lose its functionality, partially due to bond deterioration of resin and fiber.
However, GFRPs can still show  significant residual strength after experiencing high temperatures (200 °C).
Other types of glass used are A-glass (Alkali-lime glass with little or no boron oxide), E-CR-glass (Electrical/Chemical Resistance; alumino-lime silicate with less than 1% w/w alkali oxides, with high acid resistance), C-glass (alkali-lime glass with high boron oxide content, used for glass staple fibers and insulation), D-glass (borosilicate glass, named for its low Dielectric constant), R-glass (alumino silicate glass without MgO and CaO with high mechanical requirements as Reinforcement), and S-glass (alumino silicate glass without CaO but with high MgO content with high tensile strength).
Naming and use: pure silica (silicon dioxide), when cooled as fused quartz into a glass with no true melting point, can be used as a glass fiber for fiberglass, but has the drawback that it must be worked at very high temperatures.
In order to lower the necessary work temperature, other materials are introduced as "fluxing agents" (i.e., components to lower the melting point).
Ordinary A-glass ("A" for "alkali-lime") or soda lime glass, crushed and ready to be remelted, as so-called cullet glass, was the first type of glass used for fiberglass.
E-glass ("E" because of initial Electrical application), is alkali free, and was the first glass formulation used for continuous filament formation.
It now makes up most of the fiberglass production in the world, and also is the single largest consumer of boron minerals globally.
It is susceptible to chloride ion attack and is a poor choice for marine applications.
S-glass ("S" for "stiff") is used when tensile strength (high modulus) is important, and is thus an important building and aircraft epoxy composite (it is called R-glass, "R" for "reinforcement" in Europe).
C-glass ("C" for "chemical resistance") and T-glass ("T" is for "thermal insulator"—a North American variant of C-glass) are resistant to chemical attack; both are often found in insulation-grades of blown fiberglass.
The development of fiber-reinforced plastic for commercial use was extensively researched in the 1930s.
It was of particular interest to the aviation industry.
A means of mass production of glass strands was accidentally discovered in 1932 when a researcher at Owens-Illinois directed a jet of compressed air at a stream of molten glass and produced fibers.
After Owens merged with the Corning company in 1935, Owens Corning adapted the method to produce its patented "Fiberglas" (one "s").
A suitable resin for combining the "Fiberglas" with a plastic was developed in 1936 by du Pont.
The first ancestor of modern polyester resins is Cyanamid's of 1942.
Peroxide curing systems were used by then.
During World War II, fiberglass was developed as a replacement for the molded plywood used in aircraft radomes (fiberglass being transparent to microwaves).
Its first main civilian application was for the building of boats and sports car bodies, where it gained acceptance in the 1950s.
Its use has broadened to the automotive and sport equipment sectors.
In production of some products, such as aircraft, carbon fiber is now used instead of fiberglass, which is stronger by volume and weight.
Advanced manufacturing techniques such as pre-pregs and fiber rovings extend fiberglass's applications and the tensile strength possible with fiber-reinforced plastics.
Fiberglass is also used in the telecommunications industry for shrouding antennas, due to its RF permeability and low signal attenuation properties.
It may also be used to conceal other equipment where no signal permeability is required, such as equipment cabinets and steel support structures, due to the ease with which it can be molded and painted to blend with existing structures and surfaces.
Other uses include sheet-form electrical insulators and structural components commonly found in power-industry products.
Because of fiberglass's light weight and durability, it is often used in protective equipment such as helmets.
Many sports use fiberglass protective gear, such as goaltenders' and catchers' masks.
Smaller tanks can be made with chopped strand mat cast over a thermoplastic inner tank which acts as a preform during construction.
Much more reliable tanks are made using woven mat or filament wound fiber, with the fiber orientation at right angles to the hoop stress imposed in the side wall by the contents.
Such tanks tend to be used for chemical storage because the plastic liner (often polypropylene) is resistant to a wide range of corrosive chemicals.
Fiberglass is also used for septic tanks.
The material's reduced weight and easier handling, compared to wood or metal, allows faster installation.
Mass-produced fiberglass brick-effect panels can be used in the construction of composite housing, and can include insulation to reduce heat loss.
Fiberglass rods provide an advantage over steel rods because they stretch more elastically (lower Young's modulus) than steel for a given weight, meaning more oil can be lifted from the hydrocarbon reservoir to the surface with each stroke, all while reducing the load on the pumping unit.
Fiberglass rods must be kept in tension, however, as they frequently part if placed in even a small amount of compression.
Buoyancy of the rods within a fluid amplifies this tendency.
BS4994 is a British standard related to this application.
The process involves winding filaments under tension over a male mandrel.
The mandrel rotates while a wind eye on a carriage moves horizontally, laying down fibers in the desired pattern.
The most common filaments are carbon or glass fiber and are coated with synthetic resin as they are wound.
Once the mandrel is completely covered to the desired thickness, the resin is cured; often the mandrel is placed in an oven to achieve this, though sometimes radiant heaters are used with the mandrel still turning in the machine.
Once the resin has cured, the mandrel is removed, leaving the hollow final product.
For some products such as gas bottles the 'mandrel' is a permanent part of the finished product forming a liner to prevent gas leakage or as a barrier to protect the composite from the fluid to be stored.
Filament winding is well suited to automation, and there are many applications, such as pipe and small pressure vessel that are wound and cured without any human intervention.
The controlled variables for winding are fiber type, resin content, wind angle, tow or bandwidth and thickness of the fiber bundle.
The angle at which the fiber has an effect on the properties of the final product.
A high angle "hoop" will provide circumferential or "burst" strength, while lower angle patterns (polar or helical) will provide greater longitudinal tensile strength.
Products currently being produced using this technique range from pipes, golf clubs, Reverse Osmosis Membrane Housings, oars, bicycle forks, bicycle rims, power and transmission poles, pressure vessels to missile casings, aircraft fuselages and lamp posts and yacht masts.
Resin—typically a 2-part thermoset polyester, vinyl or epoxy—is mixed with its hardener and applied to the surface.
Sheets of fiberglass matting are laid into the mold, then more resin mixture is added using a brush or roller.
The material must conform to the mold, and air must not be trapped between the fiberglass and the mold.
Additional resin is applied and possibly additional sheets of fiberglass.
Hand pressure, vacuum or rollers are used to be sure the resin saturates and fully wets all layers, and that any air pockets are removed.
The work must be done quickly, before the resin starts to cure, unless high temperature resins are used which will not cure until the part is warmed in an oven.
In some cases, the work is covered with plastic sheets and vacuum is drawn on the work to remove air bubbles and press the fiberglass to the shape of the mold.
Spray-up is an open-molding composites fabrication process where resin and reinforcements are sprayed onto a mold.
The resin and glass may be applied separately or simultaneously "chopped" in a combined stream from a chopper gun.
Workers roll out the spray-up to compact the laminate.
Wood, foam or other core material may then be added, and a secondary spray-up layer imbeds the core between the laminates.
The part is then cured, cooled and removed from the reusable mold.
In pultrusion, material is pulled through forming machinery using either a hand-over-hand method or a continuous-roller method (as opposed to extrusion, where the material is pushed through dies).
In fiberglass pultrusion, fibers (the glass material) are pulled from spools through a device that coats them with a resin.
They are then typically heat-treated and cut to length.
Fiberglass produced this way can be made in a variety of shapes and cross-sections, such as W or S cross-sections.
For polyester this contraction is often 5–6%; for epoxy, about 2%.
Because the fibers do not contract, this differential can create changes in the shape of the part during curing.
Distortions can appear hours, days or weeks after the resin has set.
While this distortion can be minimised by symmetric use of the fibers in the design, a certain amount of internal stress is created; and if it becomes too great, cracks form.
However, NTP considers fibrous glass dust to be "reasonably anticipated [as] a human carcinogen (Certain Glass Wool Fibers (Inhalable))".
Similarly, California's Office of Environmental Health Hazard Assessment ("OEHHA") published a November, 2011 modification to its Proposition 65 listing to include only "Glass wool fibers (inhalable and biopersistent)."
The actions of U.S. NTP and California's OEHHA mean that a cancer warning label for biosoluble fiber glass home and building insulation is no longer required under federal or California law.
All fiberglass wools commonly used for thermal and acoustical insulation were reclassified by the International Agency for Research on Cancer ("IARC") in October 2001 as Not Classifiable as to carcinogenicity to humans (Group 3).
People can be exposed to fiberglass in the workplace by breathing it in, skin contact, or eye contact.
The Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) has set the legal limit (permissible exposure limit) for fiberglass exposure in the workplace as 15 mg/m3 total and 5 mg/m3 in respiratory exposure over an 8-hour workday.
The National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health (NIOSH) has set a recommended exposure limit (REL) of 3 fibers/cm3 (less than 3.5 micrometers in diameter and greater than 10 micrometers in length) as a time-weighted average over an 8-hour workday, and a 5 mg/m3 total limit.
The European Union and Germany classify synthetic vitreous fibers as possibly or probably carcinogenic, but fibers can be exempt from this classification if they pass specific tests.
Evidence for these classifications is primarily from studies on experimental animals and mechanisms of carcinogenesis.
The glass wool epidemiology studies have been reviewed by a panel of international experts convened by the IARC.
These experts concluded: "Epidemiologic studies published during the 15 years since the previous IARC monographs review of these fibers in 1988 provide no evidence of increased risks of lung cancer or mesothelioma (cancer of the lining of the body cavities) from occupational exposures during the manufacture of these materials, and inadequate evidence overall of any cancer risk."
Similar reviews of the epidemiology studies have been conducted by the Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry ("ATSDR"), the National Toxicology Program, the National Academy of Sciences and Harvard's Medical and Public Health Schools which reached the same conclusion as IARC that there is no evidence of increased risk from occupational exposure to glass wool fibers.
Fiberglass will irritate the eyes, skin, and the respiratory system.
Potential symptoms include irritation of eyes, skin, nose, throat, dyspnea (breathing difficulty); sore throat, hoarseness and cough.
Scientific evidence demonstrates that fiber glass is safe to manufacture, install and use when recommended work practices are followed to reduce temporary mechanical irritation.
Unfortunately these work practices are not always followed; and fiberglass is often left exposed in basements that later become occupied.
Fiberglass insulation should never be left exposed in an occupied area, according to the American Lung Association.
While the resins are cured, styrene vapors are released.
These are irritating to mucous membranes and respiratory tract.
Therefore, the Hazardous Substances Ordinance in Germany dictates a maximum occupational exposure limit of 86 mg/m3.
In certain concentrations, a potentially explosive mixture may occur.
Further manufacture of GRP components (grinding, cutting, sawing) creates fine dust and chips containing glass filaments, as well as tacky dust, in quantities high enough to affect health and the functionality of machines and equipment.
The installation of effective extraction and filtration equipment is required to ensure safety and efficiency.
The Under Armour Undeniable Performance ESPY Award was only awarded once, in 2006, on the player, irrespective of gender or nationality, adjudged to have made, in a given calendar year, the most significant, remarkable, and undeniable performance in a single regular season or playoff game contested professionally under the auspices of one of the four major North American leagues or collegiately under the auspices of the National Collegiate Athletic Association.
The award was one of two corporate-sponsored ESPYs; the titular sponsor designates criteria for selection consistent with its advertising campaigns.
Balloting for the award was conducted over the Internet by fans from amongst between three and five choices selected by the ESPN Select Nominating Committee.
At the time, the ESPY Awards ceremony was conducted in June (it is now held in July) and awards conferred reflect performance and achievement over the twelve months preceding presentation.
The House of White of Tuxford and Wallingwells is an ancient family, which primarily lived in Nottinghamshire over many centuries.
From 1802 the head of the family has been a baronet, the title having been conferred on Sir Thomas Woollaston White, 1st Bt.
by King George III.
A list of animated feature films first released in 1988.
Ruben De Fuentes (also known as Ruben Raven, born March 15, 1953) is an American musician best known as a replacement guitarist for Steppenwolf from 1979–1980 and Blue Cheer.
With the Hollywood Stars, he also recorded the original versions of "King of the Night time World" and "Escape", later released by Kiss and Alice Cooper, respectively.
Alphaea is a genus of tiger moths in the family Erebidae.
The genus was erected by Francis Walker in 1855.
They are found on India, Sri Lanka, Myanmar and Java only.
Hind tibia with two pairs of spurs.
Forewings are rather long and narrow.
Tinea 18 (4): 241-252, Tokyo.
, 1983: A new species of Alphaea from China (Lepidoptera: Arctiidae).
Acta Entomologica Sinica 26 (2): 216-217, Beijing (in Chinese).
, 2008: Alphaea dellabrunai sp.
n. (Lepidoptera, Arctiidae) from China.
Acta Zoologica Lituanica 18 (3): 166-168, Vilnius.
In Jainism, the word Śrāvaka or Sāvaga (from Jain Prakrit) is used to refer the Jain laity (householder).
The word śrāvaka has its roots in the word śrāvana, i.e.
the one who listens (the discourses of the saints).
The tirthankara restores or organises the sangha, a fourfold order of muni (male monastics), aryika (female monastics),  śrāvakas (male followers) and śrāvikās (female followers).
These help the laity in achieving the principle of ahimsa which is necessary for his/her spiritual upliftment.
Out of the five types of living beings, a householder is forbidden to kill, or destroy, intentionally, all except the lowest (the one sensed, such as vegetables, herbs, cereals, etc., which are endowed with only the sense of touch).
The sāmayika vrata (vow to meditate) is intended to be observed three times a day if possible; other-wise at least once daily.
Its objective is to enable the śrāvaka to abstain from all kinds of sins during the period of time fixed for its observance.
The usual duration of the sāmayika vow is an antara mūharta (a period of time not exceeding 48 minutes).
During this period, which the layman spends in study and meditation, he vows to refrain from the commission of the five kinds of sin — injury, falsehood, theft, unchastity and love of material possessions in any of the three ways.
He then sit down and recites the Namokara mantra a certain number of times, and finally devotes himself to holy meditation.
Sāmayika can be performed anywhere- a temple, private residence, forest and the like.
But the place shouldn't be open to disturbance of any kind.
Desavrata — Limiting movement to certain places for a fixed period of time.
According to the Jain text, Puruşārthasiddhyupāya, "sallekhana enable a householder to carry with him his wealth of piety".
The Sallekhana, a voluntary vow of self-starvation if the vows are impossible to uphold by reducing eating of food and partaking of liquids or die while engrossed in meditation with equanimity of mind.
Sallekhana is preserving the loss of karma which would be impeded and prevent the further effacing of grief, fear, anger, affection, hatred, prejudice e.t.c.
and other afflictions with or without his knowledge in contravening Right Faith, Right Thought and Right Conduct nearing the end of life after vows and austerities have had their beneficial karma on the world by their sacrifice, giving, restraint, pure thoughts and by listening, forgiving e.t.c.. A Jain man or women with vows spend much time on prayer and scripture freed from pleasure and passion.
''This article is for the mountain in British Columbia, Canada.
For the ski resort in Utah see Powder Mountain.
Powder Mountain, , is a volcanic summit in the Powder Mountain Icefield in the Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains in southwestern British Columbia, Canada.
Much of the volcanic history of Powder Mountain remains hidden apart from a few scraps of volcanic rock extending from under its current ice cap.
Kuhlan Affar District is a district of the Hajjah Governorate, Yemen.
As of 2003, the district had a population of 40,333 inhabitants.
AT Skog BA is a regional forestry organisation for Agder counties and Telemark, and the district organisation of Norges Skogeierforbund.
AT Skog has around 8500 members, organised in 54 local forestry groups.
The organisation is based in Skien.
Funds assist members with forestry plans and planning of operations, and can also be used for logging by members.
Members' timber sales go through the group, which also sets the prices for buyers.
Elise Addis ( Weber, born July 26, 1987, in Elk Grove Village, Illinois) is an American soccer defender.
"It's Time" is a song by American rock band Imagine Dragons, taken from the band's 2011 EP, It's Time, their major label debut EP, Continued Silence, as well as their major debut studio album, Night Visions (2012).
The song's production is handled by Brandon Darner, and its lyrics describe the narrator's resistance to change in the face of great turmoil.
The single was created prior to the recruitment of Daniel Platzman, and also prior to the departure of Andrew and Brittany Tolman.
The song was first uploaded to YouTube on December 20, 2010, but did not receive an official single release until 2012.
After the song was covered on Glee and heavy rotation in commercials and television shows, the song received commercial success and reached number 15 on the Billboard Hot 100, making it the band's first Top 40 single, as well as number four on the Alternative Songs chart and number three on the Rock Songs chart.
With 32 weeks, it had the longest run on the Alternative Songs Top 10 in 2012.
The single reached the top 10 in Austria (#6), Czech Republic (#10), Ireland (#9), India (#17) Japan (#7), Billboard Pop Songs (#10), and Portugal (#6) and peaked at number 23 in the United Kingdom.
It was certified Platinum by the RIAA and CRIA, and Platinum by the ARIA.
It was also nominated for Best Rock Video at the 2012 MTV Video Music Awards.
A first teaser released March 28, 2012.
The video also reached #1 on Yahoo Music's Top Videos.
The video starts with the band walking through a barren wasteland beneath a dark and ominous looking sky.
The sky begins to grow more turbulent as the band walks past flags and boat wreckage, a destroyed bridge, and dead trees.
Bassist McKee opens a box he has been carrying and a pale light glows from within.
The band removes a pebble-sized, glowing orb from the box.
The band members dig a hole for it with their hands, and then drop the orb into the ground.
Lead singer Dan Reynolds then shouts, and in the next scene the band members are shown running away from their dig site.
A large explosion throws Reynolds into the air where he seems to levitate (similarly to the Continued Silence album cover).
Finally, the sky begins to part and the sunlight shines through.
The music video was produced by Todd Makurath and directed by Anthony Leonardi III.
Featured in BYUtv's AUDIO-FILES pilot episode about the band'''Featured in Gossip Girl (season 6) in the series finale episode New York, I Love You XOXOFeatured in the theatrical trailer for the 2012 film adaptation of the 1999 coming-of-age novel The Perks of Being a Wallflower.
The song was featured in the "Explorer TOP 125" ad for the National Geographic Channel.
In 2012, Darren Criss (as his character Blaine Anderson) covered "It's Time" in the season 4 premier of the musical TV series Glee.
The song also charted on the Billboard Hot 100 at #15 as well as the Canadian Hot 100 at #30.
The song is frequently used in the background in the British observational documentary series Gogglebox.
They also performed the song live on Jimmy Kimmel Live!
on September 4, 2012 and on Conan on January 9, 2013.
They also performed the song on Late Night with Jimmy Fallon on October 29, 2012, notable for being broadcast during Hurricane Sandy.
As a result, they performed the song to an empty audience, with only the cast and crew of Late Night being present.
The band also performed and singer Dan Reynolds was interviewed on Norwegian and Swedish television show Skavlan on February 1, 2013.
Imagine Dragons plays "It's Time" at its live concerts, and although it's a "bigger single", the band plays it early in their set list rather than last, as might be expected.
On December 5, 2014, the group played an acoustic version at the end of The Game Awards (the inaugural ceremonies of said award show), with Nintendo composer Koji Kondo playing on the piano as part of a medley of music from The Legend of Zelda'' series.
Glasgow Roller Derby is a women's flat track roller derby league based in Glasgow, Scotland.
Founded in 2007, the league has four teams, and three combined teams which compete with other leagues.
Glasgow is a member of the United Kingdom Roller Derby Association (UKRDA), and the Women's Flat Track Derby Association (WFTDA).
It was the first league in Scotland, and the fourth in the United Kingdom (after the London Rollergirls, London Rockin Rollers and Birmingham Blitz Dames).
After initially practising in Kelvingrove Park, the league gained a regular slot at Glasgow Caledonian University, which has been their main bouting venue ever since.
The league's first bout was in 2008, against London, and subsequently it hosted the first transatlantic match, against Team Canada.
It won the first Scottish tournament, "Highland Fling", and contributed several skaters to Team Scotland for the Roller Derby World Cup in 2011, including its head coach.
In July 2011, GRG became a Women's Flat Track Derby Association Apprentice league, and it was a founder member of the UK Roller Derby Association.
Early in 2012, it changed its name to "Glasgow Roller Derby".
In June 2012, it was accepted as a full member of the WFTDA.
In 2015, Glasgow was the Tier 1 winner at the British Roller Derby Championships.
Three members of Glasgow Roller Derby were selected to skate for Team Scotland at the 2018 Roller Derby World Cup.
There are also three home teams, the Bad Omens, Death Stars and the Tyrannosaurus Wrecks.
After losses of 184-159 to Charlottesville Derby Dames and 284-100 to Tampa Roller Derby, Glasgow rebounded to win the ninth place game against Pikes Peak Derby Dames, 247-153.
GRD is a passionate advocate for LGBT inclusion in sport, with two league members currently acting as the Transgender Liaison for the UK Roller Derby Association, and as such all women and non-binary people are welcomed to join GRD with a view to becoming full competing league members.
During their training phase these skaters are known as the Glasgow Roller Recruits (GRR).
The GRR also includes future referees who are keen to learn the sport and join the league as skating officials, people of all genders are welcome to join the league as referees.
William Villers, 2nd Earl of Jersey (c. 1682 – 13 July 1721), known as Viscount Villiers from 1697 to 1711, was an English peer and politician from the Villiers family.
Jersey was the son of Edward Villiers, 1st Earl of Jersey, and his wife Barbara (née Chiffinch).
He represented Kent in the House of Commons from 1705 to 1708.
In 1711 he succeeded his father in the earldom.
In 1703 he went on a trip to Italy (Grand Tour) and he commissioned Massimiliano Soldani Benzi a bronze medal.
On 22 March 1704, William married Judith Herne, daughter of Frederick Herne and Elizabeth Lisle.
She married secondly, Bussy Mansell, 4th Baron Mansell.
"Don't Rob Another Man's Castle" is a song written by Jenny Lou Carson.
The song was first performed by Eddy Arnold who reached No.
1 on the Folk Best Seller charts in 1949.
Later that same year, Ernest Tubb and The Andrews Sisters along with The Texas Troubadors, took their version of the song to #10 on the Folk Best Seller List.
Guy Mitchell released a version of the song in 1952.
Ernest George Hicks (13 May 1879 in – 19 July 1954) was a British trades unionist and Labour Party politician.
Hicks was born in 1879 in Vernhams Dean, Hampshire.
Along with fellow bricklayers Jack Fitzgerald and F. K. Cadman, he was one of the founding members of the Socialist Party of Great Britain in June 1904.
Hicks resigned on 20 August 1904, rejoining on 14 December 1908 and finally leaving around 1910.
He does not seem to have played an active part in the life of the Party, but after leaving it went on to be a prominent trade union leader in the bricklayers' union.
Hicks first came to prominence during the great labour unrest just before the First World War, particularly in the London building trades lockout of 1914.
He was a well-known syndicalist agitator at this time, being linked with Tom Mann’s Industrial Syndicalist Education League and its effective successor the Industrial Democracy League.
In 1912 he became National Organiser of the Operative Bricklayers' Society, serving as its General Secretary from 1919 to 1921.
Subsequently he was General Secretary of Amalgamated Union of Building Trade Workers (the successor to the OBS) from 1921 to 1941.
Hicks was a member of General Council of the TUC from 1921 to 1941, during the early to mid-1920s gaining a reputation as a Left (e.g., writing for the Communist-controlled Sunday Worker, and helping organise the 1926 General Strike).
This had been largely lost by the time he served as the TUC President in 1927–1928.
Around this time he was also a member of the General Council of the International Federation of Trade Unions.
Hicks wrote the foreword for the 1927 edition of The Ragged Trousered Philanthropists.
He was present at the 1931 Jubilee meeting of the Labour-affiliated SDF at Bristol where he made the main speech (later published as a pamphlet Poverty from Plenty).
In a 1931 by-election, Hicks was elected Labour Member of Parliament (MP) for Woolwich East, representing that constituency until 1950.
He was Parliamentary Secretary to the Minister of Works in the wartime coalition government from 1941 to 1945; a fellow ex-member of the SPGB, Valentine McEntee, was his parliamentary private secretary.
He died in 1954.
Foxfire, also called fairy fire or chimpanzee fire, is the bioluminescence created by some species of fungi present in decaying wood.
The bluish-green glow is attributed to a luciferase, an oxidative enzyme, which emits light as it reacts with a luciferin.
The phenomenon has been known since ancient times, with its source determined in 1823.
It occurs in a number of species, including Panellus stipticus, Omphalotus olearius and Omphalotus nidiformis.
The bluish-green glow is attributed to a luciferase, an oxidative enzyme, which emits light as it reacts with a luciferin.
Some believe that the light attracts insects to spread spores, or acts as a warning to hungry animals, like the bright colors exhibited by some poisonous or unpalatable animal species.
Although generally very dim, in some cases foxfire is bright enough to read by.
The Roman thinker Pliny the Elder also mentioned glowing wood in olive groves.
Foxfire was used to illuminate the needles on the barometer and the compass of Turtle, an early submarine.
This is commonly thought to have been suggested by Benjamin Franklin; a reading of the correspondence from Benjamin Gale, however, shows that Benjamin Franklin was only consulted for alternative forms of lighting when the cold temperatures rendered the foxfire inactive.
After many more literary references to foxfire by early scientists and naturalists, its cause was discovered in 1823.
The glow emitted from wooden support beams in mines was examined, and it was found that the luminescence came from fungal growth.
The "fox" in "foxfire" may derive from the Old French word fols, meaning "false", rather than from the name of the animal.
The association of foxes with such fires is widespread, however, and occurs also in Japanese folklore.
Valter Heil (born 11 February 1990) is a Romanian footballer who plays for Kazincbarcikai SC.
He started his career at Olimpia Satu Mare.
In 2012, he joined FC Vaslui.
He made his Liga I debut on 4 May 2013 in a match against Universitatea Cluj.
He was later loaned to ASA Târgu Mureș.
Johannes Georg Bednorz (born 16 May 1950) is a German physicist who, together with K. Alex Müller, discovered high-temperature superconductivity in ceramics, for which they shared the 1987 Nobel Prize in Physics.
His parents were both from Silesia in Central Europe, but were forced to move westwards in turbulences of World War II.
As a child, his parents tried to get him interested in classical music, but he was more practically inclined, preferring to work on motorcycles and cars.
(Although as a teenager he did eventually learn to play the violin and trumpet.)
In high school he developed an interest in the natural sciences, focusing on chemistry, which he could learn in a hands-on manner through experiments.
In 1968, Bednorz enrolled at the University of Münster to study chemistry.
However, he soon felt lost in the large body of students, and optrf to switch to the much less popular subject of crystallography, a subfield of mineralogy at the interface of chemistry and physics.
In 1972, his teachers Wolfgang Hoffmann and Horst Böhm arranged for him to spend the summer at the IBM Zurich Research Laboratory as a visiting student.
The experience here would shape his further career: not only did he meet his later collaborator K. Alex Müller, the head of the physics department, but he also experienced the atmosphere of creativity and freedom cultivated at the IBM lab, which he credits as a strong influence on his way of conducting science.
After another visit in 1973, he came to Zurich in 1974 for six months to do the experimental part of his diploma work.
Here he grew crystals of SrTiO3, a ceramic material belonging to the family of perovskites.
Müller, himself interested in perovskites, urged him to continue his research, and after obtaining his master's degree from Münster in 1977 Bednorz started a PhD at the ETH Zurich (Swiss Federal Institute of Technology) under supervision of Heini Gränicher and Alex Müller.
In 1978, his future wife, Mechthild Wennemer, whom he had met in Münster, followed him to Zürich to start her own PhD.
In 1982, after obtaining his PhD, he joined the IBM lab.
There, he joined Müller's ongoing research on superconductivity.
In 1983, Bednorz and Müller began a systematic study of the electrical properties of ceramics formed from transition metal oxides, and in 1986 they succeeded in inducing superconductivity in a lanthanum barium copper oxide (LaBaCuO, also known as LBCO).
The oxide's critical temperature (Tc) was 35 K, a full 12 K higher than the previous record.
This discovery stimulated a great deal of additional research in high-temperature superconductivity on cuprate materials with structures similar to LBCO, soon leading to the discovery of compounds such as BSCCO (Tc 107K) and YBCO (Tc 92K).
In 1987, Bednorz and Müller were jointly awarded the Nobel Prize in Physics "for their important break-through in the discovery of superconductivity in ceramic materials".
In the same year Bednorz was appointed an IBM Fellow.
Servet A. Duran (1920–1996) was a Materials Science Professor at Washington State University (WSU) in Pullman, Washington, from the mid-1950s to the early 1980s.
He attended Missouri School of Mines and Metallurgy and Stanford University.
After graduation, in 1947, he became a metallurgy/materials science professor at Washington State University.
From 1956 to 1958, he was a visiting professor at Stanford University, and in 1969, he was a visiting professor and consultant to Middle East Technical Institute in Ankara, Turkey.
He used a textbook he wrote called Introduction to Materials Science, Copyright S. A. Duran, 1971, Revised 1980.
There is a scholarship in his name at WSU.
He died on 23 July 1996 from complications of pneumonia.
He was 76.
Nicklas Helenius Jensen (born 8 May 1991) is a Danish footballer who plays as a striker for the Danish club AGF.
In the 2009–2010 season, he became the top goalscorer of the Aalborg BK under-19 squad in the Danish under-19 league with 22 goals.
This was enough for him to finish second on the overall goal scorer list, only beaten by Brent McGrath who scored 29 goals for Brøndby IF.
After the 2009-10 season, he made his professional football debut for Aalborg BK on 16 May 2010 against HB Køge.
Helenius scored his first goal for Aalborg BK in the Danish Superliga on 10 September 2010 against AC Horsens and got his first breakthrough in the AaB lineup after scoring a total of four goals in four consecutive league games and one goal in the Danish Cup in October and November 2010.
Following the 2012–13 season, he was selected as player of the season in the Danish Superliga on the UEFA website.
A popular chant amongst the AaB supporters was "vi elsker vold og kokain – og Nicklas Helenius", directly translated to "we love violence and cocaine – and Nicklas Helenius", as a sarcastic reference to the hooligan culture.
The chant was based on the tune Eviva Espana.
He scored a header on his debut in Villa's first pre-season game of the season, against German team SV Rödinghausen.
He followed this up with another headed goal against VfL Bochum on his second appearance for the club.
He made his Premier League debut on 24 August 2013 at Villa Park against Liverpool which ended in a 1–0 defeat.
Helenius scored his first goal for the club on 4 January 2014 against Sheffield United in an FA Cup third round tie at Villa Park.
Helenius gained notoriety when he got his pants pulled down by Jan Vertonghen in a game against Tottenham Hotspur, and it was revealed that he was wearing white briefs.
After only 3 league games for Aston Villa in the first half season, Helenius was expected to leave the club.
Helenius failed to become a regular part of the match day squad and would often not even be included.
With a lack of interest from suitable buyers he found himself seeing the season out in the sidelines, only making one appearance in the 2014 campaign in an FA Cup game against Sheffield United F.C where he also scored his only goal for Aston Villa.
Helenius' agent revealed in May 2014, that Helenius wasn't a part of Aston Villa's future plans and therefore had to leave the club.
Helenius revealed that a reason behind his struggles were a bacterial infection and an addiction to sleeping pills.
Helenius had many clubs interested, like IFK Göteborg and AaB.
Aston Villa also rejected a bid from IFK Göteborg.
He was very happy to be back and expected a turbulent season with a two-digit number of goals.
He had a good season with 14 goals in 43 games and he was set to make the transfer permanent, as Aston Villa didn't want to keep him.
But in this season, opposite the last season, Helenius was the fourth choice and didn't get much time on the pitch.
A situation, that Helenius wasn't happy with, and he announced, that he would like to go out on loan.
He played his first game for Paderborn on 5 February 2016 in a 1-0 loss against SV Sandhausen.
Helenius got some playing time, and scored 4 league goals in 14 games.
However, he was sent out on loan once again.
His contract would expire in the summer 2017 and Helenius announced, that he wouldn't be extending it.
So he would be leaving the club after he was back from loan.
He played 29 league games and scored 10 goals in this season.
One year later, he was called up to the Denmark U21 squad for a training camp in Dubai.
He got his under-21 debut on 20 January 2011 in a training match against China.
Helenius' goals at U-21 Level include the opening goal of the 3–0 victory over Northern Ireland in September 2011.
On 15 August 2012 he made his debut for the Denmark national football team against Slovakia.
Alan Harry Donagan (10 February 1925 – 29 May 1991) was an Australian/American philosopher, distinguished for his theories on the history of philosophy and the nature of morality.
He attended the University of Melbourne and was Professor of Philosophy at the University of Chicago.
He is most well known for his book The Theory of Morality (1977) where he tries to argue for the common morality of the Hebrew-Christian traditions which Thomas Aquinas and Immanuel Kant shared.
Unlike many of his contemporaries, he was deeply committed to the history of law and ethics which led him to conceptual issues that arise out of practical reflections on moral and juridical issues.
In reviewing Donagan's Philosophical Papers D. W. Hamlyn wrote, "the papers which make up the final two thirds of the second volume of this compilation clearly reveal Donagan’s claim to being a major twentieth century philosopher.” Volume 104, No.1 of The Journal Ethics was dedicated in honor of his philosophy.
A New Chapter of Dub is an album by English reggae band Aswad, released by Island Records in April 1982.
The record is a dub version of Aswad's previous album New Chapter (1981), and was produced by the group with Michael "Reuben" Campbell.
Having felt New Chapter under-performed commercially because it was too intricate for mainstream reggae audiences, the market Aswad wanted to break first, the group conceived the dub remix album as a way of appealing to core reggae audiences.
The record emphasises dub techniques like delay, echo and drop-out and was among the first British dub albums to use tape- and digitally-manipulated echo on a horn section.
Although not a commercial success, A New Chapter of Dub received critical acclaim and has since been cited by some writers as one of the greatest dub albums of all time.
The intricately-arranged album fused classic and modern reggae sounds with soul influences, and explored electronic, studio-created dub techniques which were balanced with the group's live sound, but despite receiving critical acclaim, it was under-promoted by Columbia and failed to provide the band with a commercial breakthrough.
According to vocalist and guitarist Brinsley "Dan" Forde, Aswad wanted to create "something special" with the album, and believed it failed because it did not cater to the mainstream reggae market.
He commented: "That's the market we've got to break first if we want to go on anywhere else."
In order to re-establish themselves on the reggae market, the group conceived the release of A New Chapter of Dub, which Bradley described as "some of the tracks that we'd already given to the sound systems."
An instrumental dub version of New Chapter, A New Chapter of Dub was produced by Aswad with dub producer Michael "Reuben" Campbell.
Music critic Rick Anderson believes Campbell to be an alias for noted dub producer and radio DJ Mikey Dread.
Until this point, sound systems were the specific reason Aswad created dubs.
Campbell mixed the record at Fallout Shelter Studios with Angus "Drummie Zeb" Gaye, drummer-vocalist for the band.
According to music critic Rick Anderson, A New Chapter of Dub incorporates traditional dub production tricks, such as delay, drop-out and echo, in ways similar to dub pioneer King Tubby, but applies the effects "in a wanton and sometimes exaggerated way" more familiar to Lee "Scratch" Perry.
Among the album's key characteristics are shuddering bass and reverberated brass.
The horn section was treated with echo, achieved both with tape and digital techniques.
"Flikkaflame" makes heavy use of intense snare drum echoes, while "Shining Dub" incorporates heavily flanged guitar in a fashion comparable to the Black Ark.
The former song, and "Zion 1", also feature harshly echoed vocals, while the softer "Truth" is driven by a hazy drum-roll beat from Dummie Zeb.
Designed by Paul Smykle, the album sleeve depicts a black Saviour, holding a cross, scouring heavenly skies on a chariot dragged by four roaring lions, judging "the quick and the dead", as described by Nathaniel Samuel Murrell in the book Chanting Down Babylon: The Rastafari Reader.
He describes the "remarkably striking" artwork as exemplifying how album covers are "the most visible vehicle for spreading the Rasta message in art," writing that such covers transcend the "program art" category.
As with New Chapter, the album did not reach the UK Albums Chart, where the group did not debut until Not Satisfied later in the year.
Nonetheless, the record received critical acclaim.
In a positive review, Mike Hrano of the Harrow Midweek recommended the album to those disappointed by New Chapter, writing that it "exemplifies the full ferocious roar of Aswad as the lions of British reggae."
He wrote that the record uses "all those larger than life, louder than loud production tricks," such as shivering bass and reverb-heavy brass, to create a "positively fearsome" record, concluding "that only the sturdiest sound systems will have the faintest hope of coping with it."
Greg Tate of The Village Voice listed the album among his ten favourites records of 1982, curated as his ballot for the annual Pazz & Jop poll.
A New Chapter of Dub remained available long after New Chapter fell out-of-print, although the latter was re-issued in 2002.
A New Chapter of Dub has gone on to be considered by writers to be one of the greatest dub albums; author Klive Walker notes that "it became more popular than the version with the version with the complete songs and vocals."
The record also became popular among audiences who did not enjoy Aswad's vocal music.
In a retrospective review, Rick Anderson of AllMusic named it the group's strongest dub album, and highlighted its innovation, saying the record "sometimes anticipated developments that would emerge as much as a decade later," in particular exemplifying the "intensified snare drum echoes" in "Flikkaflame", which he writes "anticipate effects that would become commonplace in jungle mixes of the early '90s."
The Rough Guide to Reggae describes the album as taking "some of Aswad's best rhythms" and giving them "a new dimension with Michael 'Reuben' Campbell and Angus 'Drummie Zeb Gaye's inspired mixing."
In a guide to dub, The Beat magazine described the "consistently interesting and varied" album to be "very worthwhile."
In 2010, Matador Network included the album in their list "Champion sounds: 50 of the world’s most heavyweight dub albums," where the editors highlight it for being "one of the first UK dub releases to use tape and digital echo on a horn section and a precursor of the subsequent explosion of 'electronic dub'."
In 2018, Red Bull Music included the album in their list of "10 essential UK dub and reggae albums," having been chosen for inclusion by On-U Sound Records founder Adrian Sherwood, who commented: "The main track is an absolute horns anthem.
Aswad were the standard setters really, as far as the rhythm section goes."
Rob Kenner of Vibe included A New Chapter of Dub in a list of the best dub albums.
Bobby Tanzilo of OnMilwaukee described the "great record", with its dominance on "bass runs that were snaky and full of finesse, but were also repeated many times," as helping him learn bass guitar.
French band Dub Wiser named their debut album A New Millennium Dub (2001) in tribute to Aswad's dub album, while Walker poses Roots Manuva's Dub Come Save Me (2002) as "the new-millennium descendant" to Aswad's dub "masterpiece."
Iliamna corei is a rare species of flowering plant in the mallow family known by the common name Peters Mountain mallow.
It is endemic to Virginia in the United States, where it is known only from Peters Mountain in Giles County.
A single occurrence remains.
This is a federally listed endangered species.
It is considered "one of the rarest native plants in the United States."
This species has sometimes been included within the description of Iliamna remota, but genetic analysis suggests it be maintained as a species in its own right.
This plant is a perennial herb producing an erect stem up to 1.5 meters tall and bearing pink flowers.
The leaves are divided into wide, pointed lobes and the herbage is hairy.
There is one small population of this plant located on Peters Mountain in western Virginia.
In 1990, this population contained only three or four individuals.
The plants grow on nooks in a sandstone outcrop that have accumulated a small amount of soil.
The population is so small that remaining individuals are inbred.
Conservation efforts are focused on increasing the plant's numbers to improve genetic diversity.
This plant is dependent on wildfire.
Its seeds require scarification in order to germinate.
This is naturally accomplished during fires, when the heat breaks the tough outer layer of the seed.
When plants are propagated by hand, the seeds must be scarified by nicking the outer surface with a blade or soaking them in acid or boiling water.
A conservation plan for the species will include establishing a normal fire regime for the habitat.
Cleveland is a surname.
Kurt Arvin Larson (born February 25, 1966) is a former American football linebacker in the National Football League.
He played for the Indianapolis Colts (1989–1990) and the Green Bay Packers (1991).
He played at the collegiate level at Michigan State University.
John Blackburne (5 August 1754 – 11 April 1833) was an English landowner, Member of Parliament and High Sheriff of Lancashire.
He was born the eldest son of Thomas Blackburne of Hale Hall, Liverpool and educated at Harrow School and Queen's College, Oxford.
He succeeded his father to Hale Hall in 1768 and his grandfather John Blackburne to Orford Hall, Warrington in 1786.
He was appointed High Sheriff of Lancashire for 1781–82 and elected MP for Lancashire in 1784, holding the seat until 1830.
In Parliament he was an Independent but generally supported William Pitt.
He was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society in 1794.
He died in 1833.
He had married Anne, the daughter of Samuel Rodbard of Evercreech, Somerset, with whom he had three sons and four daughters.
Chris Swanwick (born 22 October 1993 in Nottingham, England) is a British racing car driver.
He is best known for having competed in the British Touring Car Championship, he made his début on 2 October 2011 at Brands Hatch.
He quickly progressed and by the end of the next year won the Comer cadets, North Regional Final.
Not being happy to stay in cadets for another year, Swanwick decided to move up to Mini Max for the 2005 season, and by the end of the year was a regular on the podium at Wombwell.
He could have stopped in mini Max for another couple of years, but having the need for speed, Swanwick decided he wanted to drive JICAs.
In the middle of 2006, he had a time at Strawberry Racing, but damaged his rib badly and did not race again until the second half of the year.
He passed is ARDS test in February to gain his racing licence.
Swanwick competed for half a year in the Ginetta Junior Championship for Team Parker Racing  where he finished with 2 podiums (Thruxton Round 1 and Snetterton Round 12).
He finished the season in 14th.
Swanwicks aggressive driving style saw him disqualified in Round 14 of the championship at Silverstone after an incident that resulted in 3 cars retiring from the race.
Team Pryo saw potential in Swanwick and signed him up for the Renault Clio Cup 2011.
Swanwick found the front wheel drive Clio more of a challenge than the rear wheel Ginetta G20.
Despite this, Swanwick's aggressive driving style saw him take 7th and 8th place twice over the season.
Rob Austin again saw Swanwick's potential and signed him up as the team's junior driver after testing at Pembrey in July 2011.
He finished five of the six races he competed in and at the end of the season was classified 32nd in the drivers' championship.
Swanwick lives in Moorgreen near Eastwood, Nottinghamshire.
He attended Dagfa House School between ages of 11 and 16, Dagfa school allows flexible school hours which suited Swanwicks race schedule.
Swanwick currently works as a diamond driller for his father's company East Midlands Diamond Drilling (EMDD).
EMDD is also one of his main sponsors.
Swanwick is 6' 3" ft. tall and has gained the nickname Sonic Swanwick due to his spiky hair.
Enrico Brusoni (10 December 1878 – 26 November 1949) was an Italian cyclist.
Gary and Joanie McGuffin are Canadian explorers, conservation photographers, writers, motivational speakers, documentarians and conservationists.
Their most documented adventures have been about canoeing on waterways throughout North America, bicycling from the Arctic to the Pacific to the Atlantic oceans, backpacking the entire length of the Appalachian Trail, circumnavigating Lake Superior by canoe and paddling across Northern Ontario in the footsteps of Grey Owl.
The McGuffins are noted primarily for their popular paddle sports instructional books on canoeing and kayaking, and their documentary film based on their research about the Group of Seven artists.
Between adventures, the McGuffins are ambassadors of the wilderness, touring the world through speaking events, photo exhibitions, book tours, eco-tourism development, and educational seminars on conservation.
In 2000, the Ontario government officially appointed Gary and Joanie as Champions of the Coast under the Great Lakes Heritage Coast program.
In 2003, they were the recipients of the Premier's Award and the Queen's Golden Jubilee Medal for wilderness preservation and environmental education achievements for their province and their country.
They were enrolled in a two-year Outdoor Recreation Technology program and graduated with honours.
Their college education propelled them into their career through skill sets such as wilderness expeditions, writing, outdoor clothing and equipment design.
In 2003, Seneca College presented each of them with a Distinguished Alumni Award in the category of Applied Arts.
The award honours outstanding Ontario college graduates.
Joanie and Gary McGuffin are the first husband-and-wife recipients.
They spent four and a half months backpacking the 2100 mile Appalachian Trail through 14 states from Georgia to Maine.
Gary photographed their journey with a Pentax K1000 35mm camera and a 50mm lens.
The only other photographic equipment he carried consisted of a tiny tripod which could be screwed, clamped or balanced on a variety of surfaces.
With only seven rolls of 36-exposure Kodak slide film, Gary could only average 2 photographs a day to document the expedition.
Using a system of small town post offices, they received new supplies and sent their photographs and writing journals back home.
The long-distance journey confirmed their personal commitment to a life of exploration and adventure.
The success of completing the Appalachian Trail led them dream bigger dreams together.
Preparations for this journey were extensive.
They spent hours researching the route on maps and reading through historical journals.
They sought out sponsors such as their major underwriter Labatt Breweries, and acquired equipment and clothing that would be tested along the journey.
Thanks to both corporate and media support, this journey was well publicized.
The McGuffins wrote regular articles for The Toronto Star, The London Free Press and the Bracebridge Herald Gazette, and they did a weekly radio broadcast series with CBC Ontario Morning for 40 weeks, and broadcasts with each provincial CBC radio network as they paddled through each province during the journey.
Upon returning from the wilderness, they were inundated with requests to give presentations, talks and interviews about their trip, including one from Peter Gzowski, a well-known Canadian broadcaster and writer.
In 1988, they published their first book, Where Rivers Run, which chronicled this voyage.
The hardcover version was also published by Hodder and Stoughton in the UK under the title Canoeing Across Canada.
Their Canadian publisher Jack Stoddart sent the McGuffins on a six-week, 25-city Canadian book promotion tour.
In 1990, Be-Pal Magazine, a popular outdoor publication in Japan with a readership of 500,000 ran a 6-part series excerpted from Where Rivers Run.
This book created the credibility needed to launch their career.
They began their cycling journey on April 1 on the Ice Road that links Tuktoyuktuk on the Arctic Coast with Inuvik at the northern end of the Dempster Highway thereby making a physical link with their previous canoe voyage.
The journey took five months.
The route was mapped out to link the three oceans from the Arctic to the Pacific to the Atlantic, to include the Northwest Territories, Yukon Territory and all ten provinces from British Columbia to Newfoundland and, for the most part, the route was on the most northerly roads they could find.
Challenges faced included frostbite in the -40-degree weather on the Ice Road, avoiding grizzly bear encounters on the Dempster, enduring severe knee pain on 1500 miles of bone-jarring, unpaved roads, sheltering from hail storms on the prairies, having close encounters with log hauling trucks in British Columbia and northern Ontario, and surviving frigid late autumn weather in Newfoundland off the Strait of Belle Isle.
Lake Superior is the greatest freshwater expanse in the world.
It is renowned by mariners for its late autumn storms that can create seas more challenging than the open ocean as immortalized in Gordon Lightfoot’s song The Wreck of the Edmund Fitzgerald.
In the book, Superior: Journeys On An Inland Sea, Joanie describes their voyage around Superior while Gary’s photography illustrating the book throughout is a compilation of images from the McGuffins four seasons of exploration from the shoreline to the rivers to the ancient mountains.
Lands For Life was going to determine the fate of Ontario’s old growth forests, wetlands, wildlife, and resource use over the long term.
Industrial activities of logging, mining and hydroelectric development were being favoured on over 90% of this land so the Federation of Ontario Naturalists, World Wildlife Fund Canada, and the Wildlands League formed the Partnership for Public Lands to speak with one voice for protecting natural heritage areas.
While public roundtable debates were taking place across the province with the input from corporations, interest groups, and the public, Gary and Joanie McGuffin decided to make their own contribution by embarking on a canoe journey into the heart of this ancient forest country.
They aimed to show that the ancient forests and pristine waterways of the region constitute a magnificent natural heritage corridor that should be preserved.
The McGuffins three-month-long, 1,200 mile canoe trip route from Algonquin Park to Lake Superior was based in part on the work of Dr. Peter Quinby and the Ancient Forest Exploration & Research Organization.
The route linked key parks, major rivers and connected many of the remaining ancient forests to demonstrate the ecological and recreational values.
This route also followed the same rivers and lakes travelled and written about by the most famous conservationist of the 1930s—an Englishman, Archie Belaney, who lived in a reimagined life as an Indian named Grey Owl.
Before setting off on the journey, the McGuffins garnered the support of MSAT, Apple, Canon, Kodak and Nissan to enable unique virtual participation from the wilderness.
While most corporations had not yet even built their first website, the McGuffins launched  www.the adventurers.org to enable daily website updates, a weekly colour feature with Southam News through the Sault Star, weekly broadcasts with CBC Radio and a television series with Baton Broadcasting.
They captured the journey through a digital camera and a laptop computer which was extremely rare in photojournalism and very forward thinking during the late 1990s.
The journey created a much greater public awareness, involvement and debate over conservation policy in Ontario during that time.
In 2002 McClelland & Stewart published the McGuffins 4th book, In the Footsteps of Grey Owl, Journey into the Ancient Forest.
The photographic book includes the story of their journey and excerpts from Grey Owl’s books.
Monte Hummel, WWF Canada President wrote in the Forward "In the end Lands for Life produced a "Living Legacy" of 378 new or expanded parks ….
This was by far the most important single decision to protect nature ever taken in Ontario and the McGuffins were a big part of the team that made it possible."
It was called Great Lakes Heritage Coast.
This was accepted as one of the nine Signature Sites under Ontario’s Living Legacy.
In 2000, the Ontario Government made Gary and Joanie McGuffin Official Champions of the Coast.
To support the protection and restoration of the ecosystem of the Great Lakes Coast, which was the government’s number one priority under this Heritage Coast initiative, the McGuffins planned a journey to paddle the route from the Minnesota-Ontario border on Lake Superior to Severn Sound on Georgian Bay.
In the summer of 2002, for three months, they paddled over 1,200 miles (1,800 kilometres), with their three-year-old daughter, Sila, and their Alaskan malamute, Kalija, from the Pigeon River near Thunder Bay to Port Severn on Georgian Bay.
They carried the communications equipment necessary to share the adventure through weekly radio broadcasts, newspaper stories, and a website.
The book, Great Lakes Journey: Exploring the Heritage Coast, documenting these travels was published in 2003.
This photographic book recounts four seasons of explorations throughout the park and is a celebration of journey documenting all four seasons of Quetico's waterways, trails and backcountry.
Kayaking the Baja’s Wild Coastline, an article published in Explore Magazine, recounts their 3-month journey exploring the desert, mountains, seashores, wildlife and the local culture of Baja Mexico.
Reader’s Digest published Landscape of My Dreams that chronicled their backpacking and kayaking experiences in the Greenland Fjords.
The trek Climbing Chimborazo was printed in Doctor’s Review describing a journey to the Ecuadorian Andes.
LSWC is dedicated to the long-term sustainable health of the Lake Superior watershed.
The organization's members include the David Suzuki Foundation, Ducks Unlimited, Science North, the City of Sault Ste.
Marie, artist Ken Danby and the Thunder Bay Field Naturalists.
LSWC's land acquisitions in Northern Ontario to protect wilderness areas for the future generations include preserves located in Prince Township, on Goulais Bay, and off the coast of Cape Gargantua, Lake Superior Provincial Park.
They have travelled on foot and by canoe into Algonquin, Georgian Bay, Algoma and the Lake Superior North Shore seeking the exact sites immortalized in their paintings made a century ago.
This ongoing cultural anthropology research locates, identifies, and documents these painting sites and the landscapes inspired from them.
They co-produced a documentary film Painted Land: In Search of the Group of Seven, with White Pine Pictures.
The film time travels between the past (historical footage of the Group of Seven and re-created scenes) and the present as the McGuffins and Burtch take us on adventures to find these painting that inspired The Group of Seven.
A letter, sent in January 2004, requested a full Environmental Assessment to avoid the deterioration of the Great Lakes Heritage Coast and was supported by other champions such as Pierre Berton, Roberta Bondar, Ken Danby, Tony Esposito, Phil Esposito, Bobby Orr, Ted Nolan, and much more.
The government reviewed the assessment and declined to overturn the development of this property in 2009.
In partnership with American Friends of Canadian Land Trusts, the Gargantua 20-islands Preserve off the coast of Lake Superior Provincial Park remain an integral part of a pristine, undeveloped coastline.
In 2013, the McGuffins mapped the 1,000 km Trans Canada Lake Superior Water Trail between Thunder Bay’s Fisherman’s Park and Whitefish Bay’s Gros Cap Harbour.
The Lake Superior Watershed Conservancy [LSWC] is the registrant and overseer of this section of trail.
The Conservancy is also working towards completion of an international connected route around Superior by 2017 for the benefit of the entire lake and its people.
Canoeing Across Canada, 1988.
Superior: Journeys on an Inland Sea, 1995 (reprinted in 2000).
A Great Lakes Booksellers Award winner.
Paddle Your Own Canoe: An Illustrated Guide to the Art of Canoeing, 1999 (reprinted in 2005).
In the Footsteps of Grey Owl: Journey into the Ancient Forest, 2002.
Great Lakes Journey: Exploring the Heritage Coast, 2003.
Wilderness Ontario, 2007.
Paddle Your Own Kayak: An Illustrated Guide to the Art of Kayaking, 2008.
Quetico: Into The Wild, 2009.
Selwyn Ilan Troen is an Israeli scholar.
He is the Karl, Harry and Helen Stoll Professor of Israel Studies at Brandeis University.
He is a graduate of Brandeis, with an M.A.
and Ph.D. from the University of Chicago.
Troen grew up in the Boston, Massachusetts area, and moved to Israel as a young man.
When he joined the Brandeis faculty, the university announced that it was creating a chair in Israel Studies in order "to develop an accurate historical understanding of the origin and development of the state of Israel and its place in the world."
Troen believes that Israel's secular culture "has drawn from two important traditions: the prophetic tradition within Judaism and universal values generated by an enlightenment society."
Troen is a founder of the journal Israel Studies.
Jews and Muslims in the Arab World; Haunted by Pasts Real and Imagined.
2007 ed.
Lanham and New York: Rowman and Littlefield, 2007.
Troen, Selwyn K. "Israel Studies."
Israel Studies 12.
3 issues annually (2007): 600 pages.
Troen, Selwyn K. Imagining Zion: Dreams, Designs, and Realities in a Century of Jewish Settlement.
Yale University Press, 2003.
Troen, Selwyn K. and D.D.
Moore.
Divergent Jewish Cultures: America and Israel.
Yale University Press, 2001.
Troen, Selwyn K., ed.
Jewish Centers and Peripheries; Europe between America and Israel  Fifty Years After World War II.
Transaction: New Brunswick and London, 1999.
Troen, Selwyn K. and Noah Lucas, ed.
Israel: The First Decade of Independence.
Albany: State University of New York Press, 1995.
Troen, S. Ilan and Klaus Bade, ed.
Zuwanderung und Eingliederung von Deutschen und Juden aus der fruheren Sowjetunion in Deutschland und Israel.
Bonn: Bundeszentrale dur politische Bildung, 1993.
Troen, Selwyn K. and Moshe Shemesh, ed.
The Suez-Sinai Crisis 1956; Retrospective and Reappraisal.
London and New York: Frank Cass and Columbia University Press, 1990.
Troen, Selwyn K. and Benjamin Pinkus, ed.
Organizing Rescue: National Jewish Solidarity in the Modern Period.
London: Frank Cass, 1988.
Troen, Selwyn K. and Glenn Holt, S. Thernstrom and T. Hareven.
St. Louis.
New York: Franklin Watts - New Viewpoints, 1977.
Troen, Selwyn K. The Public and the Schools: Shaping the Saint Louis System 1838-1920.
University of Missouri Press, 1975.
Zabrus martensi is a species of ground beetle in the Himalayozabrus subgenus that is endemic to Nepal.
Ranbir Kapoor (; born 28 September 1982) is an Indian actor and film producer.
He is one of the highest-paid actors of Hindi cinema and has featured in Forbes Indias Celebrity 100 list since 2012.
Kapoor is the recipient of several awards, including six Filmfare Awards.
The son of actors Rishi Kapoor and Neetu Singh, and the grandson of actor-director Raj Kapoor, Kapoor pursued filmmaking and method acting at the School of Visual Arts and the Lee Strasberg Theatre and Film Institute, respectively.
He subsequently assisted Sanjay Leela Bhansali on the film Black (2005) and made his acting debut with Bhansali's tragic romance Saawariya (2007), a critical and commercial failure.
Kapoor rose to prominence in 2009 with his performances in the coming-of-age film Wake Up Sid, the romantic comedy Ajab Prem Ki Ghazab Kahani, and the drama Rocket Singh: Salesman of the Year.
His most widely seen film in this period came with the political drama Raajneeti (2010).
The romantic drama Rockstar (2011), in which he played a troubled musician, and the comedy-drama Barfi!
(2012), in which he played a cheerful deaf-and-mute man, earned Kapoor two consecutive Best Actor awards at Filmfare.
A starring role opposite Deepika Padukone in the romantic comedy Yeh Jawaani Hai Deewani (2013) established him as a leading Bollywood actor.
He followed this with roles in a series of films that did not perform well commercially, with the exception of the romance Ae Dil Hai Mushkil (2016).
This changed in 2018 when Kapoor portrayed Sanjay Dutt in Rajkumar Hirani's biopic Sanju, one of the highest-grossing Indian films of all time, for which he won another Filmfare Award for Best Actor.
In addition to acting in films, Kapoor supports charities and causes.
He is also a co-owner of the Indian Super League football team Mumbai City FC.
He is the great-grandson of Prithviraj Kapoor and the grandson of actor-director Raj.
His elder sister, Riddhima (born 1980), is an interior and fashion designer.
The actresses Karisma and Kareena Kapoor  are his first cousins.
Kapoor was educated at the Bombay Scottish School in Mahim.
As a student, he found little interest in academics and would rank low among his peers.
However, he has stated that he performed better in sports, particularly football.
Kapoor has been vocal about how his parent's troubled marriage affected him as a child: "Sometimes the fights would get really bad.
I would be sitting on the steps, my head between my knees, till five or six in the morning, waiting for them to stop".
These experiences led to a "reservoir of emotions building up inside [him]", which he said compelled him to develop an interest in film.
In his early years, Kapoor was close to his mother, but had a dysfunctional relationship with his father.
After completing his tenth standard examinations, he worked as an assistant director to his father on the film Aa Ab Laut Chalen (1999), during which he developed a closer bond with him.
After completing his pre-university education from the H.R.
College of Commerce and Economics, Kapoor relocated to New York City to learn film-making at the School of Visual Arts, and subsequently pursued method acting at the Lee Strasberg Theatre and Film Institute.
In film school, Kapoor directed and starred in two short films, entitled Passion to Love and India 1964.
The loneliness of living alone in New York City coupled with his experience in film school, which he described as "useless", inspired him to pursue a career in Bollywood.
Upon returning to Mumbai, Kapoor was hired as an assistant director to Sanjay Leela Bhansali on the 2005 film Black.
He described the experience: "I was getting beaten up, abused, doing everything from cleaning the floor to fixing the lights from 7 am to 4 am, but I was learning every day."
He later remarked that his motive for working on Black was to get Bhansali to offer him an acting job.
The film tells the story of a tramp, played by him, who falls obsessively in love with a woman awaiting the return of her lover.
In an interview with the news and entertainment portal Rediff.com, Kapoor stated that his character was written as a tribute to his grandfather's iconic roles as a tramp.
Saawariya was the first Indian film to be produced by a Hollywood studio (Sony Pictures Entertainment), and was a highly anticipated release.
However, film critics were disappointed with the picture with BBC's Jaspreet Pandohar calling it a "misfire on a massive scale".
CNN-IBN's Rajeev Masand considered it "contrived and fake", but was impressed by Kapoor's "affable charm" and wrote that "he’s got that star quality to him which is so rare to find."
At the box office, Saawariya failed to earn profits.
However, at the annual Filmfare Awards ceremony, Kapoor was awarded a Best Male Debut trophy.
Despite the commercial failure of Saawariya, Kapoor was contracted by Yash Raj Films for a primary role in the Siddharth Anand-directed romantic comedy Bachna Ae Haseeno (2008).
The film was his first commercial success, in which his role was that of a womaniser who is romantically involved with three women, played by Bipasha Basu, Minissha Lamba, and Deepika Padukone, at different stages of his life.
Rachel Saltz of The New York Times expressed mixed views on his performance, but predicted that his "puppy-dog sweetness" would "serve him well as a Bollywood leading man".
In 2009, Kapoor had three film releases.
In Dharma Productions's Wake Up Sid, a coming of age film from director Ayan Mukerji, Kapoor portrayed Siddharth "Sid" Mehra, a rich, lazy teenager whose life undergoes a series of changes after interacting with an ambitious journalist (played by Konkana Sen Sharma).
When Mukerji narrated the then-untitled script of the film to him, Kapoor came up with the title himself.
The media expressed doubt on the film's financial prospect as it depicted a romantic relationship between a younger man and an older woman.
It eventually emerged as a sleeper hit and garnered acclaim from the critics.
Taran Adarsh of Bollywood Hungama reviewed that Kapoor's performance in the film proved that he was "amongst the best in the business today".
Kapoor next starred opposite Katrina Kaif in Ajab Prem Ki Ghazab Kahani, a slapstick comedy from director Rajkumar Santoshi, that emerged as the fourth highest-grossing Bollywood film of 2009.
Film critic Gaurav Malani praised Kapoor's flair for comedy, but criticised his "over-excited husky baritone".
Kapoor's final release that year was the Shimit Amin-directed Rocket Singh: Salesman of the Year, a drama about a sardar who aspires to be a salesman.
Film critic Mayank Shekhar praised the film and found Kapoor's performance to be "astonishingly sincere", but the film earned little at the box office.
Kapoor later professed to being highly disappointed by the film's commercial failure.
At the 55th Filmfare Awards, Kapoor was awarded the Filmfare Critics Award for Best Actor for his performances in all three of his 2009 releases, and he also received two Best Actor nominations at the ceremony for Wake Up Sid and Ajab Prem Ki Ghazab Kahani.
Prakash Jha's big-budget ensemble political drama Raajneeti was Kapoor's first release of 2010.
The film, which starred Nana Patekar, Ajay Devgn, Arjun Rampal, Manoj Bajpayee, Katrina Kaif and Sarah Thompson in prominent roles, was inspired by the Indian epic The Mahabharata and Mario Puzo's 1969 novel The Godfather.
Kapoor's role was of Samar Pratap (based on the characters of Arjuna and Michael Corleone), the youngest heir of an Indian political dynasty, who is reluctantly drawn to politics after the assassination of his father.
Kapoor described it as his first complex role and considered it a departure from the "lover boy roles" that he had previously played.
Nikhat Kazmi of The Times of India reviewed: "The film finally belongs to Ranbir Kapoor who perfects the art of minimalismand literally grows before your eyesas the simmering volcano that cannot be held back, once it erupts."
Robert Abele of the Los Angeles Times, however, was more critical of his performance which he considered "stony rather than calculatingespecially jarring compared to the histrionic turns around him".
Indian trade journalists were apprehensive of Raajneeti recovering its  investment.
The film, however, proved to be a major commercial success with worldwide earnings of over .
Kapoor received a third Best Actor nomination at Filmfare for the film.
Later that same year, Kapoor collaborated with Priyanka Chopra on Anand's Anjaana Anjaani, a comedy-drama involving two strangers who vow to commit suicide on New Year's Eve.
The film was a moderate financial success, but garnered little praise from the critics.
Rajeev Masand noted that Kapoor "struggles with a badly-defined role" and NDTV's Anupama Chopra concluded: "Ranbir tries hard to salvage the film, dropping his shirt several times but even his lovingly shot chest can’t save the film."
In preparation for the role, Kapoor lived with a Jat family in Pitam Pura and studied their mannerisms.
He additionally learned to play the guitar and practiced extensively at A.R.
Rahman's (the film's music composer) music studio.
As part of the film's promotional activity, Kapoor performed at a live concert in Mumbai.
Film critics were polarised on their view of the film, but were unanimous in their praise for Kapoor; Aniruddha Guha of Daily News and Analysis was particularly impressed with the film and thought that Kapoor's portrayal was one of "Hindi cinema’s most accomplished performances by a lead actor".
For the role, Kapoor won both the Best Actor and Best Actor (Critics) trophies at the 57th Filmfare Awards ceremony, along with Best Actor awards at Screen and IIFA.
With a gross revenue of , Rockstar was one of the top-grossing Hindi films of the year.
The 2012 romantic comedy Barfi!
was Kapoor's first release to earn over  at the domestic box office.
Directed by Anurag Basu, the film (set in the 1970s) tells the story of its titular protagonist (a deaf and mute man, played by Kapoor) who falls in love with a woman who is already engaged (played by Ileana D'Cruz) and later, an autistic girl (played by Priyanka Chopra).
In preparation, Kapoor observed the work of actors Roberto Benigni, Charlie Chaplin, and his grandfather.
Barfi!
received praise from the critics, and the performances of the three lead actors were acclaimed.
Ronnie Scheib of Variety praised Kapoor for successfully channeling Chaplin in "tone and affect", and Raja Sen of Rediff.com wrote that "he does very strongly indeed with this Chaplin-tribute role, bestowing his character with heart every step of the way".
The film was submitted as India's official entry for the 85th Academy Awards, and was screened at the Marrakech and Busan International Film Festivals.
Kapoor won second consecutive Best Actor awards at the Filmfare, Screen, and IIFA Award ceremonies.
Kapoor achieved further success in 2013 when he reunited with director Ayan Mukerji for the romantic comedy Yeh Jawaani Hai Deewani co-starring Deepika Padukone, Kalki Koechlin, and Aditya Roy Kapoor.
He was cast as Kabir "Bunny" Thapar, a commitment-phobic photographer, a character Kapoor found to be an extension of himself.
His pairing with Padukone, after their highly publicised break-up, led to hype surrounding the film's release.
Yeh Jawaani Hai Deewani emerged as one of the highest-grossing Indian films of all time with earnings of , proving to be Kapoor's third consecutive commercial success in three years and earned him another Best Actor nomination at Filmfare.
Film critics found the film to be "riddled with clichés", but praised both Kapoor and Padukone, with Daily News and Analysis Tushar Joshi labelling their on-screen chemistry as "unsurpassable".
Kapoor's second release of 2013 was the action-comedy film Besharam in which he played a petty thief, alongside Pallavi Sharda and his parents.
The film met with an overwhelming negative reception and emerged as a failure; Sudhish Kamath of The Hindu described it as "Kapoor's hall of shame".
The series of financial failures continued with his next release, the Anurag Kashyap-directed crime drama Bombay Velvet, based on the historian Gyan Prakash's book Mumbai Fables, which also starred Anushka Sharma and Karan Johar.
Kapoor portrayed an ambitious boxer in the 1960s who is drawn towards a life of crime; he based his tapori diction on Johnny Walker's character in Mr. & Mrs. '55 (1955).
Made on a budget of , the film opened to meager box-office collections and mixed reviews from critics.
Ritika Bhatia of Business Standard found Kapoor's part to be a departure from his previous roles, writing that he "does test the waters with methodical sincerity but his portrayal lacks depth on occasion".
Bombay Velvet was eventually screened at the Locarno and Bucheon film festivals.
Kapoor next reunited with Deepika Padukone in Tamasha (2015), a romantic drama from Imtiaz Ali.
He played the role of Ved Sahni, a man who desires a career in the arts but settles for a life of monotony as an engineer.
Once again, the film failed commercially and received mixed reviews from critics.
Kapoor's performance was praised; Lisa Tsering of The Hollywood Reporter wrote, "Kapoor is beautifully cast, his trademark mix of assertive theatricality and subtle emotion well suited to the role of a man who seemingly has it all under control, until he doesn’t."
Kapoor's career prospect briefly improved in 2016 when he took on the lead role of an aspiring musician in Karan Johar's Ae Dil Hai Mushkil (2016).
The romantic drama, co-starring Anushka Sharma and Aishwarya Rai, tells the story of unrequited love, and proved to be one of the highest-grossing Bollywood films of the year.
Critical reception was mixed; Joe Leydon of Variety thought that "Kapoor [is] often erring on the side of annoying while trying to balance vulnerability and self-centeredness".
Both Tamasha and Ae Dil Hai Mushkil earned Kapoor Best Actor nominations at Filmfare.
In a collaboration with director Anurag Basu, Kapoor formed a production company named Picture Shuru Productions, whose first release was the musical comedy-mystery film Jagga Jasoos (2017), which tells the story of a gifted teenager's search for his missing stepfather.
Production on the project was plagued with difficultiesprincipal photography began in 2014, but the release date was pushed back several times owing to changes in the script, multiple reshoots, and rumours of animosity between Kapoor and co-star Katrina Kaif (the couple had broken-up before they finished filming).
Anna M. M. Vetticad of Firstpost considered the film to be "a laudable experiment that zigzags off course", and while praising Kapoor's dedication to his part, criticised the decision to cast him as a teenage schoolboy.
It did not perform well commercially which led Kapoor to regret his venture into production.
In 2018, Kapoor portrayed the actor Sanjay Dutt in Rajkumar Hirani's biopic Sanju.
It deals with Dutt's troubled relationship with his father, his drug addiction, and arrest for illegal possession of firearms.
Kapoor was keen to avoid a hagiographic narrative and did not want to mimic Dutt's mannerisms.
He interacted extensively with Dutt and took a month's time to transform himself physically before filming each phase of the actor's life.
Saibal Chatterjee of NDTV thought that despite dramatic liberties, the film had successfully portrayed Dutt's complexity, and wrote that Kapoor "pulls out the stops in astonishingly effective ways, subsuming his personality into that of the protagonist".
Uday Bhatia of Mint was more critical for making Dutt too sympathetic despite his misdeeds, and wrote that Kapoor's "imitation (astonishing at times) takes over the performance".
Sanjus strong financial performance re-established Kapoor's stardom.
With earnings of over , it emerged as one of Indian cinema's biggest earners and Kapoor's highest-grossing release.
He won another Best Actor award at Filmfare.
He will feature opposite Alia Bhatt in Ayan Mukerji's fantasy film trilogy, the first of which is named Brahmastra.
He has committed to play a dacoit in Karan Malhotra's period adventure film Shamshera, alongside Vaani Kapoor and Sanjay Dutt, and will star with Ajay Devgn in Luv Ranjan's as-yet untitled action thriller.
He had his first serious relationship while in the seventh grade, and suffered from depression when it ended.
While filming Bachna Ae Haseeno in 2008, Kapoor began dating his co-star Deepika Padukone .
The relationship attracted substantial media coverage in India and they speculated on an impending engagement.
However, the couple broke up a year later.
Kapoor maintained that the split was amicable, though the media widely reported that the split was due to infidelity on Kapoor's part.
Kapoor later confessed: "Yes, I have, out of immaturity, out of inexperience, out of taking advantage of certain temptations, out of callousness."
Later in 2015, Kapoor stated that they both had resolved the conflict and had moved on with their lives.
Since the split, he has been reticent to publicly discuss his personal life.
Rumours of an affair with Katrina Kaif first emerged during the production of Ajab Prem Ki Ghazab Kahani in 2009.
In August 2013, a set of paparazzi photographs of Kapoor and Kaif at a beach in Spain were published by Stardust.
Although Kapoor initially declined to speak of the relationship, he admitted to it in 2015: "Both of us are sure about our relationship and if we don't open about it now, it would be showing disrespect to the relationship."
As of February 2016, the media reported that they had broken up.
In 2018, he began dating Alia Bhatt, his co-star in Brahmastra (2019).
He also admitted to being addicted to smoking and drinking.
He is the vice-captain of the All Stars Football Club, a celebrity football club that raises money for charity.
In March 2013, he played the game to raise funds for the Magic Funds Organisation, an NGO for underprivileged children.
Along with the chartered accountant Bimal Parekh, Kapoor acquired ownership rights in 2014 for the Mumbai-based football team of the Indian Super League, named Mumbai City FC.
Also that year, Kapoor announced his participation with the digital music company Saavn as a content and programming adviser.
In 2016, he featured in the documentary series Girls with Goals, to create awareness about and raise funds for YUWA, an all-girls football team in the state of Jharkhand.
Kapoor supports the empowerment of the girl child and is the goodwill ambassador of Shabana Azmi's Mijwan Welfare Society, an NGO which helps empower women.
He supports environmental charities, and in 2011 donated money to the Community Water Initiative, a charitable organisation owned by PepsiCo.
In 2012, he appeared alongside other celebrities in a short film by Zoya Akhtar to generate awareness on breast cancer.
He is the campaign ambassador for NDTV's Marks for Sports, a nationwide initiative to promote fitness and health in India.
In 2013, Kapoor participated in an auction on eBay, where the highest bidder gets an opportunity to interact with him; the proceeds were donated to Save the Children, a non-profit organisation that raised funds for flood affected households in Uttarakhand.
That same year, he appeared alongside other celebrities in a commercial, produced by the National Film Development Corporation of India, to create awareness about children's education.
In December 2014, Kapoor again took part in an eBay auction; the phiran he wore in Rockstar was sold, with proceeds going to the redevelopment of the flood-ravaged states of Kashmir and Assam.
Kapoor had also fronted a campaign to collect donations for the victims of the April 2015 Nepal earthquake.
In 2015, he presented 2,000 raincoats to the Mumbai traffic police as an appreciation for their service during the year's heavy monsoon.
In 2018, Kapoor collaborated with Aamir Khan's Paani Foundation to help local famers and villagers suffering from drought in parts of Maharastra.
Despite the failure of his first film (Saawariya), IANS reported that he "rose like [a] meteor on film firmament by giving compelling performances in films like Raajneeti, Rockstar and [..] Barfi!"
Discussing the commercial viability of Kapoor, Apoorva Mehta (the COO of Dharma Productions) noted in 2013, "In a short career span of 10 films, Ranbir Kapoor has achieved a tremendous jump in the business done by his films."
Also that year, The Economic Times credited him as "the most bankable actor of his generation".
However, following the success of Yeh Jawaani Hai Deewani, each of Kapoor's releases under-performed at the box-office.
This led trade journalists to criticise his choice of films, noting that his inclination towards experimental projects negatively impacted his commercial appeal.
Nationally, Kapoor is one of the most popular and high-profile celebrities.
In 2012 and 2013 Forbes featured him among the top twenty in India's Celebrity 100, a list based on the income and popularity of the country's celebrities.
For the next two years, he was ranked 11th with an estimated annual earning of  and  respectively, making him one of the highest-paid actors in the country.
Kapoor has frequently featured in Rediff.com's annual listing of "Bollywood's Best Actors"; he was ranked second in 2009, first in 2011, third in 2012, and held the sixth position in 2015.
Kapoor has been cited as one of the most attractive Indian celebrities by the media.
He has featured on The Times of Indias listing of the 'Most Desirable Man' from 2010 to 2015, ranking among the top ten each year.
In 2009 People magazine listed him as the "Sexiest Man Alive" in India, and in 2013 he topped Filmfares poll of the "Most Stylish Young Actor".
Also in 2013, he was one of the recipients of the "People of the Year" award by the Limca Book of Records.
In 2010, he was voted the "Sexiest Asian Man" in a poll conducted by the magazine Eastern Eye.
Kapoor continued to feature among the top ten of the list from 20112014.
Kapoor is also the celebrity endorser for various brands and services, including Pepsi, Panasonic, Renault India, Lenovo and the Spanish football club FC Barcelona.
(2012), and Sanju (2018).
The Rooney family is an Irish-American family which, after emigrating from Ireland in the 1840s, established its American roots in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania in the 1880s, and is known for its connections to the sports, acting, and political fields.
They are primarily known for having been the majority owners and operators of the Pittsburgh Steelers of the National Football League (NFL) since the formation of the franchise in 1933.
Art Rooney was the founder and owner of the team until his death in 1988.
Following his death, ownership of the franchise transferred to his oldest son, Dan Rooney, a former United States Ambassador to Ireland.
Front office operations have passed from Dan Rooney to his son and current team president, Art Rooney II, in 2017 upon the death of Dan Rooney.
The fundamental approach of the Rooneys to managing the franchise has largely been through patience and consistency, both of which the ownership is renowned for.
An example of the team's stability is that there have been only three head coaches employed since 1969, the fewest for any team in American professional sports during that time frame.
This approach has proven to be rewarding, given that the Steelers have won six Super Bowls in the post AFL–NFL merger era – with all three coaches (Chuck Noll, Bill Cowher, and Mike Tomlin) having won at least one Super Bowl and two AFC championships apiece – and the team being a playoff contender in most years.
For this reason, the practice has become known as the "Rooney Rule".
The Mara family name used to be O'Mara and their Rooney family ancestors originate in Newry, County Down.
Actresses Kate Mara and Rooney Mara are the daughters of Timothy Christopher Mara, the vice president of player evaluation for the New York Giants, and Kathleen McNulty (née Rooney).
Their paternal grandfather, Wellington Mara, was the long-time co-owner of the Giants, succeeded by their uncle, John Mara.
Their maternal grandfather, Timothy James "Tim" Rooney, has run Yonkers Raceway in Yonkers, New York since 1972.
The Mara sisters are the great-granddaughters of both New York Giants founder Tim Mara and Pittsburgh Steelers founder Art Rooney.
Each of the five Rooney brothers owns 16% of the team, combining for 80%, while another related family, the McGinley's, own 20%.
Dan Rooney, chairman, stated that his four brothers are moving towards other non-football-related business ventures and he is in talks with them to buy out their shares.
However, the other four brothers believe Dan undervalued their shares, and hired Goldman Sachs to give them an estimate on the team.
The estimate by Goldman Sachs valued the team between $800 million and $1.2 billion.
One potential buyer has been identified, Stanley Druckenmiller, the Pittsburgh billionaire who is the chairman of Duquesne Capital Management and a former money manager for George Soros.
Talks to restructure the ownership continued for two years to comply with NFL ownership policies and ensure ownership and operation under the Rooney family.
The four brothers' ventures with family race tracks that allow slot machines violate NFL rules of ownership with revenue from gambling enterprises.
The ownership structure also violated the NFL rule stating that at least one individual must own 30% of the team to be principal owner, and no individual owns at least 30% of the team.
The team does not expect the negotiations to have any effect on the players or fans.
NFL owners unanimously approved the restructuring of ownership on December 17, 2008, with Dan & Art II getting the mandated 30% stake.
Meanwhile, brothers Timothy and Patrick selling their shares outright, while Art Jr., John, and the McGinley family selling some shares but retaining smaller ownership roles, with the brothers reducing their shares from 16% to 6% and the McGinley family reducing their shares from 20% to 10%.
Also coming on as partners are Pilot Corporation & Pilot Travel Centers president Jim Haslam III (son of founder Jim Haslam and brother of Tennessee governor Bill Haslam; Jim Haslam III would later relinquish his stake when he purchased the rival Cleveland Browns), Legendary Pictures president & CEO Thomas Tull, and the Paul Family of Pittsburgh, Philadelphia and Los Angeles (who are primarily involved with Pittsburgh-based Ampco Pittsburgh Corporation and serve on numerous boards, including University of Pittsburgh Medical Center and University of Pittsburgh), each getting a 16% stake in the team.
Dan Rooney mentioned he has no ill will towards Druckenmiller, mentioning he's a great Steelers fan and wishes he remains one.
The Steelers later announced on March 23, 2009, that they added three more investors to the team, the most notable of which is Hall of Fame wide receiver John Stallworth.
The other two investors added were GTCR chairman Bruce V. Rauner and the Varischetti Family of Brockway, Pennsylvania, which owns several nursing homes and a commercial real estate business.
The deal to add all six new investors was finalized in May 2009.
Vanilla chamissonis, commonly known as the Chamisso's vanilla, is a species of orchid.
The orchid is native to South America, from French Guiana through Brazil to northeastern Argentina.
The species name honors Adelbert von Chamisso.
Since 2004, Forbes has compiled a list of the 100 most powerful women in the world.
It is edited by notable Forbes journalists, including Moira Forbes, and is based on visibility and economic impact.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has remained at the top spot since 2006, with the brief exception of 2010 where she was temporarily supplanted by then U.S. First Lady Michelle Obama.
Nancy Pelosi, 52nd Speaker of the U.S. House of Representatives.
Ursula von der Leyen, President of the European Commission.
Mary Barra, CEO of General Motors.
Melinda Gates, Co-founder of the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation.
Abigail Johnson, President-CEO of Fidelity Investments.
Ana Patricia Botín, Executive Chairman of Banco Santander.
Ginni Rometty, CEO of IBM.
Marillyn Hewson, CEO of Lockheed Martin.
Drużbice-Kolonia  is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drużbice, within Bełchatów County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
Mack Francis Mattingly (born January 7, 1931) is an American diplomat and politician who served one term as a United States senator from Georgia, the first Republican to have served in the U.S. Senate from that state since Reconstruction.
He served four years in the United States Air Force and was stationed at Hunter Army Airfield in Savannah, Georgia, in the early 1950s.
In 1957, he earned a bachelor of science degree in marketing from Indiana University.
Afterward, he worked for twenty years for IBM Corporation in Georgia and later operated his own business, M's Inc., which sold office supplies and equipment in Brunswick, Georgia.
Senator Barry Goldwater's campaign for President in Georgia's 8th congressional district.
Goldwater carried Georgia.
Two years later, Mattingly would help Bo Callaway organize the Georgia Republican Party and joined his ticket as a candidate for the U.S. House of Representatives against Congressman W. S. Stuckey, Jr.  Mattingly lost the race but was elected a member of the Georgia Republican Party State Executive Committee and served as Vice Chairman from 1968 until 1975.
He served as Chairman of the Georgia Republican Party from 1975 to 1977 when he began exploring a race for the U.S. Senate.
Mattingly served in the Senate from January 1981 until January 1987, with membership on the United States Senate Committee on Appropriations, chairing first the United States Senate Appropriations Subcommittee on Legislative Branch and later the United States Senate Appropriations Subcommittee on Military Construction and Veterans Affairs.
Mattingly also served at various times on the Senate Banking Committee, the Governmental Affairs Committee, the Joint Economic Committee and the Ethics Committee.
He is perhaps best remembered as a proponent of the line-item veto, a position that earned him recognition by President Ronald Reagan during his 1985 State of the Union Address.
In 1987, Reagan appointed Mattingly assistant secretary-general for defense support for NATO in Brussels, Belgium.
In 1988, Mattingly received the Secretary of Defense Medal for Outstanding Public Service.
In 1992, President George H. W. Bush appointed Mattingly ambassador to Seychelles.
He served in this position until 1993.
Mattingly remains active on several corporate and nonprofit boards.
Mattingly ran against Democrat Zell Miller in the 2000 special election to replace the deceased Senator Paul Coverdell, but Miller succeeded in holding the seat to which he had been appointed by Governor Roy Barnes.
Mattingly endorsed Fred Thompson for President in the 2008 Republican primary, Newt Gingrich for President in the 2012 Republican primary, and Donald Trump for President in the 2016 Republican primary.
Carolyn Mattingly died in 1997.
In 1998, he married Leslie Davisson, a lawyer, mediator and former judge.
He currently lives on St. Simons Island, Georgia.
He continues to be active in Republican politics, and he serves on a number of corporate boards.
Monchel-sur-Canche is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Hauts-de-France region of France.
Monchel sur Canche is known for being so friendly, in fact, the Village is known as "the little Village with a big heart" (Le petit village avec un grand coeur).
Monchel is a village that is unique!!
Cape Breton Nova is a former provincial electoral district in Nova Scotia, Canada which existed between 1956-2013.
It elected one member to the Nova Scotia House of Assembly.
In its last configuration, the district included the northern parts of Sydney including Whitney Pier, as well as a small area of Cape Breton County, all within the Cape Breton Regional Municipality.
The district was created in 1956.
In 1993, it gained the Ashby area between Welton Street and Ashby Road from Cape Breton South and the Grand Lake Road area from Cape Breton West.
It lost the Scotchtown and River Ryan/Lingan areas to Cape Breton Centre.
In 2003, it lost the New Victoria area and gained part of northern Sydney.
In 2013, Cape Breton Nova was absorbed by Cape Breton Centre, Sydney River-Mira-Louisbourg, and Sydney-Whitney Pier.
Rayk Schröder (born 25 December 1974 in East Berlin, East Germany) is a German former footballer.
He spent four seasons in the Bundesliga with TSV 1860 Munich, F.C.
Hansa Rostock and FC Energie Cottbus.
FC Union Berlin.
He played for one year in the Regionalliga Nord and transferred after that to  Bundesliga club TSV 1860 Munich, making seven appearances in the 1996–97 season.
As he did not play in the Bundesliga in the following season, he moved to second division club Energie Cottbus.
In Cottbus, Schröder became a regular, making 60 appearances and scoring three goals.
In the 1999–2000 season, he helped Cottbus to gain promotion to the Bundesliga.
He then transferred to Hansa Rostock, where he made 49 appearances and scored three goals in two seasons.
For the 2002–03 season, he returned to Energie Cottbus.
When he only played in Cottbus' second team, he joined FC Carl Zeiss Jena, but the contract was dissolved in pre-season when Schröder had to end his playing career due to a knee injury.
Some areas of Jamaica, particularly cities such as Kingston, Montego Bay and Spanish Town, experience high levels of crime and violence.
Jamaica has had one of the highest murder rates in the world for many years, according to United Nations estimates.
Former Prime Minister P. J. Patterson described the situation as "a national challenge of unprecedented proportions".
In 2005, Jamaica had 1,674 murders for a murder rate of 58 per 100,000 people.
That year, Jamaica had the highest murder rate in the world.
In November 2008, the Jamaican Parliament voted to retain the death penalty, which is performed by hanging.
Jamaica recorded 1,680 murders in 2009.
In 2010, there were 1,428.
In 2011, 1,125.
2012 saw 1,097; 2013 1,200.
2014 totaled 1,192; 2015 1,450; 2016 1,350 and 2017, 1,616.
1,287 murders were reported in 2018.
Many of the murders in Jamaica are connected to organized crime in the country's urban centers involving the illegal drug trade, but though uncommon there are also murders of tourists on very rare occasion.
However due to the current state of crime and murder rate in the country and since these affects everyone including these minority, the current focus naturally is to ensure the safety of the entire nation against the scourge of crime;(murders robberies and shootings) in addition to reducing the current level of poverty and other pressing concerns while developing the country.
Cedric Kushner Promotions, Ltd. v. King, 533 U.S. 158 (2001), was a United States Supreme Court case concerning the extent to which the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act (RICO) applied to certain types of corporation-individual organizations.
In this case, the Court decided unanimously to apply it to Respondent Don King.
RICO makes it "unlawful for any person employed by or associated with any enterprise... to conduct or participate... in the conduct of such enterprise's affairs through a pattern of racketeering activity."
The District Court dismissed the complaint.
In affirming the decision, the Second Circuit Court of Appeals held that RICO applies only where a plaintiff shows the existence of two separate entities, a "person" and a distinct "enterprise," the affairs of which that "person" improperly conducts.
The court concluded that King was part of the corporation, not a "person," distinct from the "enterprise," who allegedly improperly conducted the "enterprise's affairs."
The Court held that "the need for two distinct entities is satisfied; hence, the RICO provision... applies when a corporate employee unlawfully conducts the affairs of the corporation of which he is the sole owner -- whether he conducts those affairs within the scope, or beyond the scope, of corporate authority."
"The corporate owner/employee, a natural person, is distinct from the corporation itself, a legally different entity," Justice Breyer wrote.
"A corporate employee who conducts the corporation's affairs through an unlawful RICO 'pattern... of activity,' uses that corporation as a 'vehicle' whether he is, or is not, its sole owner."
Under this reading of the statute, the Court of appeals' decision was reached in error; the case was sent back to them for future disposition of the case.
Tom Bissett (born March 13, 1966 in Seattle, Washington) is a retired ice hockey left winger.
He grew up playing junior hockey in Lynnwood, Washington before moving to Michigan Tech on a hockey scholarship.
In the 1990–91 season, he played in 5 NHL games for the Detroit Red Wings and he did not register a point.
He was more successful in Europe where he played for 12 seasons as well as representing the United States at the 1992 and 1999 IIHF ice hockey world championships.
Pascal blanc is a white French wine grape variety grown in the Provence region of southern France.
While once more widely planted, this ancient Provençal variety is nearly extinct with only a few plantings left in the Appellation d'Origine Contrôlée (AOC) region of Cassis and some hectares used for experimental vin de pays.
It is best suited for dry climates with well drained soils that can minimize some of the risk of developing rot.
In the Cassis region, the vineyard soils that Pascal blanc tend to be found in are almost always rocky and dry.
Za Za Bazaar World Banquet & Bar is a chain of two buffet restaurants in the United Kingdom, situated in the cities of Bristol and Newcastle.
The first restaurant opened in Bristol's Harbourside area just before Christmas in 2011.
Its construction lasted thirteen weeks, and cost £3 million.
It was billed as the largest restaurant in the United Kingdom, and seats 1,000 people, eclipsing Croydon's Cosmo restaurant in size, which seats 800.
It was established with the plan to open another seven "super restaurants" across the United Kingdom, in an investment of £10m, that was rumoured to create 1,000 jobs in eighteen months.
However, the expansion did not materialise, and a planned restaurant in Norwich has yet to be built.
The food is split into the main categories of Far East, Tex Mex, European and Indian.
The Hostess House is a historic house in Palo Alto, California.
It was built in 1918 by the YMCA for members of the United States Army to meet their relatives while they were still serving in World War I.
The location was then an army camp, Camp Fremont.
The building operated as a hostess house from May through October 1918.
The house was designed by architect Julia Morgan.
It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since July 30, 1976.
The building moved locations after World War I ended and was repurposed into a municipally sponsored community center, the first in the nation.
Fumanekile "Fumie" Gqiba (born 16 May 1951, in Cape Town) is an Anglican priest, a former  chaplain general of the South African National Defense Force (serving at the rank of Major general), and a former South African Ambassador to Israel.
Gqiba studied theology at the University of Transkei and was ordained as an Anglican priest.
He rose to the rank of commander in Umkhonto We Sizwe (MK or "Spear of the Nation") the guerrilla arm of the African National Congress (ANC).
He later joined the South African National Defense Force (SANDF) as a chaplain, after the military was integrated.
In 1998, he was appointed Deputy Chaplain General, and then Chaplain General, responsible for military chaplains of all faiths.
During his chaplain service he became an Honorary member of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) Military Chaplains Association.
He is also a social scientist, specialising in urban development planning, strategic management, and international relations.
In January 2005 he co-founded the Azzurri Construction Company.
Gqiba has stated that the integration of South Africa's military was a matter not only of race, but also of religion – linked to the "first human right – religious freedom."
In addition to his efforts to expand religious pluralism within SANDF, including the recruitment of its first Hindu chaplain, Gqiba helped create the Southern African Military Chaplains Association, an association of military chaplains from a number of nations in the southern part of the African continent.
A primary purpose of that organisation, according to Gqiba, is the promotion of religious freedom as a human right throughout all the militaries in the region.
He worked with Elijah Loza, a trade unionist in Cape Town to recruit and transport young people for Umkhonto weSizwe, to fight the apartheid policies of South Africa.
Gqiba was a founder-member of the ANC's Department of Religious Affairs in exile, in Lusaka, Zambia.
His appointment was linked to the desire of the President of South Africa to make a "dramatic change" in the relationship between South Africa and Israel.
As Ambassador, Gqiba worked to dispel the idea that South Africa was "anti-Israel," but stated that much of the responsibility of strengthening relationships between the two countries belonged to Israel.
While Gqiba's predecessors as Ambassador were members of the diplomatic corps in "the old South Africa," Gqiba's credentials in the liberation struggle in South Africa were recognised by some in Israel as a symbol of South Africa's desire to contribute to a solution of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.
Among Gqiba's achievements as ambassador was a trip to South Africa for Israeli leaders of the then-ruling Likud party, in October 2004.
Subsequent to that visit, he brought Ehud Olmert, the Israeli Minister of Trade and Industry, to meet with President Thabo Mbeki, in 2005, followed by a delegation of the African National Congress to meet with Israeli government officials in Israel.
Gqiba's no-nonsense approach to his position was often the subject of press coverage, including his admission that he was never trained as a diplomat, stating that "I'm a military man and I usually say what I think."
Gqiba served as Ambassador to Israel for four-and-a-half years, completing his assignment in 2008.
One Israeli news article noted that the "good humor and ready smiles" of both Gqiba and his wife Vuyiswa had "won them many friends."
Additionally, the article notes that they will never be able to forget their stay in Israel because the youngest of their children is a not only a sabra (born in Israel), but the Gqibas named her "Israela," in honour of her birthplace.
During Gqiba's term as Ambassador to Israel, he was the subject of an incident at Ben Gurion International Airport where he was allegedly "publicly humiliated and treated in a racist manner" by a border control officer.
According to Gqiba, he was returning to Israel from a visit to South Africa when a border control officer confiscated his diplomatic passport, called the police, and treated him in a way he described as degrading, verbally abusive, and "bordering on a breach of basic human rights."
Gqiba said that he had never before been treated in such a degrading manner--"even during the apartheid era in South Africa."
In interviews with the press, Gqiba praised Israelis as a "loving people" and stated that it was a problem with one individual, not the Israeli people in general, He said he preferred to handle the issue through official channels and was satisfied with the apology offered by both the Israeli Foreign Ministry and the Israel Airports Authority, which promised to pursue a thorough investigation of the incident.
But central people were highly religious.
Here the foundation is religious.
Whenever religion is central to the struggle, it's difficult to control.
There's hatred, hatred, hatred.
It's very dangerous, because people want to prove that their God is superior."
Gqiba believes that Israelis and Palestinians could learn valuable lessons from the achievements of his nation.
He stated that in South Africa, "we stopped being foolish and began accepting each other in the image of God," and believes that the day will come for Israels and Palestinians as well, when "It will be a new dawn of sustainable peace in which the children of Abraham will stop slaughtering each other."
Gqiba strongly criticised suicide bombings, calling "suicide terrorism" morally unjustified, against international law, and against the code of the military.
...that was my understanding before I came here.
I regarded Jews as whites.
Purely whites.
But when I came here I discovered that, no, these guys are not purely whites.
They are mixed.
It's some kind of a, shall we say, a melting pot.
You’ve got people from all over the world.
You’ve got Indian Jews, you’ve got African Jews, and you’ve got even Chinese Jews, right?
I began to say to our comrades, "No, Israel is not a white country."
He said that the rabbi's death "caused our young democratic state to weep," and that "a part of South Africa lies with him."
The Black Register () is a political party in Denmark.
The party supports lower taxes and fees.
Since 2007, had Christiansen run a register, named Politiet Dummer Sig, of police officers.
This register listed police officers that he and other civilians had been unhappy with.
In 2011 he then founded the Black Register, expanding the register to include lawyers, psychologists, etc.
Mario Alberto Rafael Zepahua Valencia (born 1 January 1970) is a Mexican politician affiliated with the Institutional Revolutionary Party.
As of 2014 he served as Deputy of the LIX Legislature of the Mexican Congress representing Veracruz.
An adult high school or adult school is a high school facility designed for adult education.
It is intended for adults who have not completed high school to continue their education.
Some adult high schools offer child care, special integration programs for immigrants and refugees, career and other programs and services geared toward the special needs of adult students.
Some adult high schools may also offer general interest programs such as computer skills or other continuing education courses.
Initially, the classes were for young women from local lace and hosiery factories.
William Singleton, a Methodist, started the school, but it was Fox and the staff from his grocer shop that maintained it.
Fox's staff was expected to teach at this school and Fox provided breakfast at 9 a.m. on a Sunday after they had completed two hours of teaching.
The school grew to include men, but it was said that Fox was specifically interested in improving adult education.
Lessons are believed to have started with a Bible reading, but the book was then used as a textbook to enable scholars to practise reading and writing.
Fox conducted lessons for three mornings a week for students of more advanced arithmetic and he would fund some to go to become teachers themselves.
Ida Kramer Vium (born 2 February 1996) is a Danish handball player who currently plays for TTH Holstebro.
The SMLC may control several LMUs (Location Measurement Units), which measure radio signals to help find mobile stations in the area served by the SMLC.
It can calculate location using the TA (Timing Advance) method.
The SMLC communicates with the GMLC, which is the interface to external LCS clients.
Lee Sung-Jin ( ; born March 7, 1985) is a recurve archer from South Korea.
She is a two-time Olympic gold medalist, winning in the women's team event at the 2004 and 2012 Summer Olympics.
In 2005 she became the women's individual recurve champion at the World Archery Championships and achieved the world number one spot for female recurve archers in the World Archery Rankings.
In 2016 the World Archery Federation named her as the ninth best Olympic archer in the history of the Games.
She placed 2nd in the women's individual ranking round with a 72-arrow score of 675.
In the first round of elimination, she faced 63rd-ranked Lamia Bahnasawy of Egypt.
Lee defeated Bahnasawy 164-127 in the 18-arrow match to advance to the round of 32.
In that round, she faced 34th-ranked Greek archer Elpida Romantzi, defeating her 166-146.
Lee then defeated 15th-ranked Margarita Galinovskaya of Russia 165-163, advancing to the quarterfinals.
In the quarterfinals, Lee faced Wu Hui Ju of Chinese Taipei, narrowly defeating the 10th-ranked archer 104-103 in the 12-arrow match.
Lee advanced to the semifinals, where she defeated Yuan Shu Chi, also of Chinese Taipei, 104-98.
This moved Lee to the gold medal match, pitting her against fellow Korean Park Sung-hyun.
In the final 12-arrow match, Lee lost by two points to the 1st-ranked Park, finishing with a silver medal in women's individual archery while Park won the gold medal.
Lee was also a member of the team that won the gold medal for Korea in the women's team archery competition.
At the 2004 Summer Olympics, she and her Korean teammates, Park Sung-Hyun Yun Mi-Jun won the team gold medal.
South Korea were the heavy favourites to win the women's team event, and the trio comfortably defeated Denmark, Japan and China to win South Korea's seventh successive Olympic gold medal in the discipline.
The Richard III Experience at Monk Bar (formerly known as the Richard III Museum) is located in Monk Bar, the tallest of the four gatehouses in the historical city walls of York, England.
It describes the life of Richard III, the last king of the Plantagenet dynasty.
The museum explores Richard's early life, and the battles that raged between the houses of Lancaster and York during the Wars of the Roses.
It describes his reign and his death at the Battle of Bosworth, alongside multimedia presentations about the key battles of the Wars of the Roses.
There are also arms and armour from his reign, including the only known fragment of a gun from that period.
In 2014 the Jorvik Group (which includes the Jorvik Viking Centre) took over the space within Monk Bar that had housed the Richard III Museum since 1993, and created "The Richard III Experience at Monk Bar".
They also replaced the contents of the Micklegate Bar Museum and created "The Henry VII Experience at Micklegate Bar".
The 'Hanover version' of the Wismar railbus (Wismarer Schienenbus) was developed in the early 1930s as a light railbus for economical passenger services on branch lines in Germany.
The overwhelmingly employed mixed trains were very slow because of the time needed for shunting wagons.
In addition, only a few trains ran each day.
In order to offer faster and more frequent services, railbuses were procured.
Because they tended to be one-offs and the technology was not always fully mature, they were often expensive.
So attempts were made to use the experience and components from the manufacture of buses.
Experiments with converted buses were not successful as their engines were not powerful enough and, moreover, they were not designed for push-pull operations.
In 1932 the Triebwagen- und Waggonfabrik Wismar AG (Wismar Railcar and Coach Company) built a light, twin-axled railbus, that could be made cheaply because it used numerous components from the manufacture of road vehicles.
For example, 40 horsepower Ford petrol engines were installed, together with their drives.
The use of road vehicle drives with five forward gears and one reverse gear made the installation of two engines necessary.
These were located outside the vehicle body and gave the railbus an unmistakable appearance.
The Wismar railbus was very much of interest to both Kleinbahnen and private railways due to its low costs.
In 1932 a prototype was delivered for the Lüneburg–Soltau Kleinbahn.
It was so successful that the Hanover State Kleinbahn Office (Landeskleinbahnamt Hannover) ordered a batch of nine vehicles for a number of Kleinbahnen.
The Wismar railbus had several advantages.
Firstly, it was cheap: at 25,000 Reichsmarks, roughly half the cost of a normal railcar.
Secondly, it was easy to maintain - the engines were very accessible and spare parts could be obtained from any Ford dealer - and, thirdly,  it was relatively comfortable because, although it only offered 3rd class accommodation, the seats were upholstered.
Generally vehicles were manufactured to the requirements of the customer and about a third could not really be grouped easily into one of the basic classes.
Up to 1941 59 units of these vehicles were produced and delivered to various railway companies at home and abroad in different rail gauges.
In 1935 the Deutsche Reichsbahn took over four railbuses from the Saar railways, that were numbered 133 009 to 133 012, four, more powerful, railbuses with a longer wheelbase were given numbers 135 077 to 080.
Although several of these wagons were destroyed during the Second World War or were left abroad after the war had ended, four of these railbuses subsequently joined the Deutsche Bundesbahn fleet, where they were allocated numbers VT 88 900 to 902 (long wheelbase) and VT 89 900 (short wheelbase).
Following the nationalisation of private railways in the GDR, several examples also ended up in the East German Deutsche Reichsbahn, who allocated them the numbers VT 133 505–510, 513–515 () and 524–525 ().
Railbuses VT 133 513–514 which were remotored in the early 1960s with  Phänomen Garant lorry diesel engines were renumbered at first to VT 135 501–502.
Due to the long engine bonnets at each end of the railbus that housed the motors for driving in either direction, this railbus was nicknamed the 'Pig's Snout' (Schweineschnäuzchen).
The vehicles proved to be a real saviour for the Kleinbahnen, because the high costs of the generally loss-making passenger services on north German light branch lines were able to be considerably reduced.
Often the Hanover versions of the railbus replaced trains that only consisted of a loco and one or very few coaches, which were therefore very expensive to operate.
But it only needed six paying passengers for the railbus to make a profit.
A total of 25 railbuses and 3 trailer cars were also delivered to private railways in Spain between 1933 and 1937.
Of the vehicles taken over by the Red Nacional de los Ferrocarriles Españoles (RENFE) after the nationalisation of the railways in Spain, four railbuses were rebuilt and fitted with more powerful engines.
Others were rebuilt into unmotorised luggage vans.
All the railbuses in Spain were retired at the end of the 1960s.
The girders had holes in them to save weight.
The entire construction was welded, which meant that the Wismar railbus was the first fully welded railway vehicle in Germany.
Its profiles were creased and the suspension springs were mounted on rubber sections.
The entire railbus weighed just 6 tonnes.
One feature of this vehicle were the rubber-sprung wheelsets, with rubber elements being inserted between the tyre and the wheel body.
So this design feature, which was used on the Intercity-Express, is not actually a modern discovery.
However, as a result of the short wheelbase of only 3.5 m to 4 m the vehicle tended to hunt slightly.
The prototype had revolving doors, but most of the production models had 740 mm wide sliding doors.
At each end there was an identical motor installation with Ford petrol engines, that drove the first axle via a four-geared drive and cardan shaft.
Only the front motor facing the direction of travel was used and was operated by the driver's cab at that end.
When shunting or if an engine failed, the railbus could also be driven in reverse.
Students from the Bauhaus school, the famous German design school, helped with the interiors.
That can be seen from the clear shapes and the design of the upholstery.
The walls were clad with plywood and the floor covered with linoleum.
The seats were upholstered and the windows could be partly wound down.
The driver's seat, at the end which was not in use, was folded up so that the entrance remained clear.
Heating was initially provided by a fresh air heater using the warmth of the engine; later Webasto heaters were installed as well.
The interior was electrically lit.
To begin with, Ford AA motors (the lorry version of the Ford Model A) were used, but in  1935 more powerful Ford BB motors were installed, enabling the top speed to be increased from 50 km/h to 60 km/h.
These railbuses may be recognised by the vertical grills on the radiators.
Only two examples of the wood-fired version were built.
They had a wood burner installed inside the wagon, replacing a group of seats.
These are distinguishable by the missing window.
Later various motors were installed in the rebuilds, the Deutsche Reichsbahn in the GDR using Robur Typ 4 KVD 12,5 SLR engines.
In order to be able to carry large items of luggage and goods, many railbuses were fitted with roof racks, which were also common on buses.
The space next to the bonnets was also often used to attach wire mesh baskets or bicycle racks.
Another new feature was the livery, with a red coach body and beige window strips.
Even various passenger and luggage trailers were offered, but only the Fliegerkommandantur List had one of these trailers delivered from Waggonfabrik Wismar.
Some of the railbuses for the Saar railways were quite different from the standard models.
After procuring two of the standard railbuses, two more were ordered with wider doors and benches running fore-and-aft, and a further four railbuses with 6 m wheelbase and diesel motors with common Mylius drives, that enabled the vehicle to be driven with both engines simultaneously and both axles to be driven.
In addition they had  diesel motors by Humboldt-Deutz.
The former DB-VT 89 900 (ex DRG VT 133 010, ex Saarbahn 72) is at present (2008) being restored by railway fans in Wismar.
Schienenbusse in Deutschland.
Kodi Amman Temple is a Hindu temple situated at Sungan Thidal, 2 kilometres from the town of Thanjavur on the Thanjavur-Kumbakonam road.
Lotoria lotoria, common name the black-spotted snail or washing bath triton, is a species of predatory sea snail, a tropical marine gastropod mollusc in the family Cymatiidae.
This species was previously known as Cymatium lotorium.
Systema Naturae per regna tria naturae, secundum classes, ordines, genera, species, cum characteribus, differentiis, synonymis, locis.
Editio decima, reformata.
Laurentius Salvius: Holmiae.
Coquillages de La Réunion et de l'Île Maurice.
Collection Les Beautés de la Nature.
Delachaux et Niestlé: Neuchâtel.
.
[Ruiyu] (ed.).
(2008).
Checklist of marine biota of China seas.
China Science Press.
& Old W.E.
(1963).
A new subgenus and species of Cymatium (Mollusca, Gastropoda).
American Museum Novitates.
William Donald Albright (August 5, 1881 – April 29, 1946) was a Canadian agriculturalist and journalist.
In 1954, Albright was named a Person of National Historic Significance by the Canadian government.
In 1903, Albright graduated from the Ontario Agricultural College.
That same year he became the assistant editor of The Maritime Farmer, a farming periodical based in New Brunswick.
Leaving the Farmer in 1905, Albright subsequently became employed as an associate editor at the Farmer's Advocate, another agricultural publication.
In 1908 he married Eva Belle Lossing, from Oxford County, Ontario.
In 1913, Albright and his wife left Ontario to homestead in the Peace River area of northwestern Alberta, near the town of Beaverlodge, in the vicinity of Grande Prairie.
Albright quickly became impressed with the agricultural potential of the region, and soon had agricultural experiments set up on his own land, with a contract to work part-time for the Central Experimental Farm in Ottawa, Ontario.
In 1917, the government rented  of his land to establish an official experimental substation and paid him to operate it on a part-time basis.
He became superintendent of the substation in 1919.
By 1940 his entire farm was designated an experimental substation.
In 1941, his Beaverlodge experiment substation was redesignated a full-scale experiment station, the northernmost of its type in Canada, and Albright became its director.
He was to hold that position until 1945.
Albright's professional activities as an agricultural researcher included testing what could potentially be lucrative cereal crops as well as new farming practices.
Albright was also entrusted with the promotion of animal husbandry and the planting of ornamental plants in the Alberta farming community, and spent much time travelling throughout the region promoting the idea that it was possible to maintain a good standard of living in the lowlands of the Peace River region.
He and his wife, who were the parents of three children, also collected material on the region's history by conducting and compiling interviews.
Albright died on April 29, 1946 at Haney, British Columbia.
In 1954, he was named a Person of National Historic Significance by the Canadian government.
Burakovo () is a rural locality (a village) in Nikolotorzhskoye Rural Settlement, Kirillovsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia.
The population was 40 as of 2002.
Koryakino is the nearest rural locality.
Robert Allan Lewis (born 7 October 1942) is a former  international rugby union player.
He was capped six times by Wales as a scrum-half between 1966 and 1967.
He was selected for the 1966 British Lions tour to Australia and New Zealand, and played in the last three internationals against the All Blacks.
He also toured South Africa with Wales in 1964.
He played club rugby for Abertillery and Newport.
Nikhil Anand (born 26 January 2001) is an Indian cricketer.
He made his first-class debut on 4 February 2020, for Bihar in the 2019–20 Ranji Trophy.
A pollakanth is a plant that reproduces, flowers and sets seed recurrently during its life.
The term was first used by Frans R. Kjellman.
Other terms with the same meaning are polycarpic and iteroparous.
Its antonym is hapaxanth.
Category:Plant life-form
LABIA is an organization for queer and transgender people in Mumbai, India.
It was founded in 1995 as Stree Sangam, and is often cited as a significant organization in the history of LGBTQ organizing in India.
According to The Hindu,"When they started out, the name Stree Sangam was chosen because it seemed generic and sanitised, and wouldn’t call attention to itself on mailers that were the mode of communication then.…Circa 2002, this dichotomy was laid to rest, when the group christened themselves LABIA (Lesbians and Bisexuals in Action), and were unequivocal about welcoming trans people.
The explicit reference to female genitalia was deliberate and combative, as the group increasingly saw themselves as public campaigners, than just enablers of screenings and soirées for closeted lesbians.
"Jaya Sharma and Dipika Nath describe LABIA as among the wave of "explicitly political activist groups…whose political activism combines with their role as resource organizations."
An important tenet of LABIA's politics has been inter-sectionality — the idea that all systems of oppression are interlinked in many overlapping ways, which struggles for parity on any turf must take into account.
LABIA's activities have involved networking with individual queer women and queer groups in India and in other countries, campaigning for the rights of peoples and communities of marginalized genders and sexualities and organizing feminist and people's movements jointly with the struggles of other marginalized groups.
LABIA intends to further this activism and sees Scripts (see below) as a vibrant space for multiple conversations of queer/feminist/activist/creative voices.
They travelled across the country to several cities to meet LBT groups and individuals from both urban and rural areas for interviews and group discussions.
In 2013, they published the report titled Breaking The Binary: Understanding concerns and realities of queer persons assigned gender female at birth across a spectrum of lived gender identities.
The key findings of the report were shared in public meetings in six cities around the country.
They also translated and published the report in Hindi in 2014.
In July 2015, Zubaan published a book based on this study titled No Outlaws in the Gender Galaxy, which is available in bookstores and online.
The full reports are available for free in both English and Hindi.
LABIA's website describes it as "a vibrant space for multiple conversations of queer/feminist/activist/creative voices."
According to The Hindu, "This small, unassuming journal has been one of the beacons of creative expression for queer female voices since 1998.
The very first issue featured a hand-drawn cover with a full hand of three striking women from a deck of playing cards.
The invitation-only events on 19th and 20th December are restricted to activists, who are expected to gather from cities across India."
Another writer described Scripts as: "includ[ing] a variety of writing from the lesbian, bisexual, and transgender communities, primarily in English but sometimes including other languages.
The focus is varied, with special editions dedicated to politics, censorship, humour, travel.
Much of the writing is experiment, or of the sort that may not be readily published [elsewhere]."
According to LiveMint, "In Scripts, one found not only writing by queer-identified individuals, but also a set of clearly queer graphics, illustrations and short comics, done by members of the LBT (lesbian, bisexual and transgender) community.
In these visual pieces, one found drawings of non-mainstream, non-heteronormative women who were clearly Indian, something that wasn’t easily seen at the time.
CineLabia are monthly film screenings held by LABIA to create a social space to chill out, watch, and discuss queer and feminist films from across the world.
Antidesma puncticulatum, known as mao luang, is a species of plant in the family Phyllanthaceae.
It was previously classified as a genus within family Euphorbiaceae, but later moved into family Phyllanthaceae.
It is native to South Asia and South-east Asian countries.
Christianity in New Zealand dates to the arrival of missionaries in the early 19th century.
It became New Zealand's largest religious group, but no one denomination dominated and there was no official state church.
Today, slightly less than half the population identify as Christian.
The largest denominations are Catholic, Anglican and Presbyterian.
Christian organisations are the leading non-government providers of social services in New Zealand.
Villefeix was the first Christian minister to set foot in New Zealand, and he celebrated Mass near Whatuwhiwhi in Doubtless Bay on Christmas Day in 1769.
He is reported to have also led prayers for the sick the previous day and to have conducted Christian burials.
The first Christian missionaries to establish permanent ministries arrived in New Zealand at the start of the 19th century.
The Church Mission Society, an Anglican organisation, established a presence in New Zealand in 1814, with the permission and protection of Ngā Puhi chief Ruatara.
This expedition was led by Samuel Marsden.
Later missionaries brought other religious denominations – Jean Baptiste Pompallier played an important role in establishing the Catholic Church in New Zealand.
Presbyterianism was brought to New Zealand largely by Scottish settlers.
The Māori people also created their own forms of Christianity, with Ratana and Ringatu being the largest.
The Sisters of Mercy arrived in Auckland in 1850 and were the first order of religious sisters to come to New Zealand and began work in health care and education.
At the direction of Mary MacKillop (St Mary of the Cross), the Sisters of St Joseph of the Sacred Heart arrived in New Zealand and established schools.
In 1892, Suzanne Aubert established the Sisters of Compassion – the first Catholic order established in New Zealand for women.
The Anglican Church in New Zealand recognises her as a saintly person and in 1997 the New Zealand Catholic Bishops' Conference agreed to support the "Introduction of the Cause of Suzanne Aubert", to begin the process of consideration for her canonisation as a saint by the Catholic Church.
Although there was some hostility between Catholic and Protestants in the 19th and early 20th centuries, this declined after the 1920s.
Sectarian groups such as the Orange Order continue to exist in New Zealand but are now virtually invisible.
New Zealand's first Catholic Prime Minister, Joseph Ward, took office in 1906.
The founding of the National Council of Churches (NCC) in 1941 marked the positive relationships between New Zealand Christians.
The NCC was an important voice of the churches in national affairs.
The NCC was replaced in 1988 by a new ecumenical body which included Catholics—the Conference of Churches in Aotearoa New Zealand (CCANZ) which was ended in 2005.
There is now very little sectarianism in New Zealand and various churches commonly co-operate on issues of common interest, and various ecumenical bodies exist promoting co-operation between Christians.
The proportion of New Zealanders who identify as Christian is declining—the figure now stands at around half the census respondents, whereas in the 1991 census, it stood at around three-quarters.
Christian groups are experiencing mixed trends.
Anglicanism and Presbyterianism are both losing adherents at a rapid rate, while smaller Protestant groups and non-denominational churches are growing.
(Note: All figures are for the census usually resident population.
Percentages are based on number of responses rather than total population.
These are nominal.
In general, the tendency is for rural areas, particularly in the lower South Island, to have somewhat higher numbers of Christians, and urban areas to have lower numbers – of the sixteen designated Cities of New Zealand, fifteen have a smaller proportion of Christians than the country as a whole (the exception being Invercargill).
The average proportion of Christians in the sixteen cities is 50.2%.
It is the largest denomination in most parts of rural New Zealand, the main exception being the lower South Island.
The territorial authorities with the highest proportion of Anglicans are Gisborne (where they are 27.4% of the total population), Wairoa (27.1%), and Hurunui (24.9%).
The territorial authorities with the lowest proportion of Anglicans are Invercargill (7.7%), Manukau (8.3%), and Clutha (8.5%).
Catholicism, associated mostly with New Zealanders of Irish descent, is the most evenly distributed of the three main denominations, although it still has noticeable strengths in south and central Taranaki, on the West Coast, and in Kaikoura.
It is also the largest denomination in Auckland and Wellington, although not by a great extent.
The territorial authorities with the highest proportion of Catholics are Kaikoura (where they are 18.4% of the total population), Westland (18.3%), and Grey (17.8%).
The territorial authorities with the lowest proportion of Catholics are Tasman (8.1%), Clutha (8.7%), and Western Bay of Plenty (8.7%).
Presbyterianism, associated mostly with New Zealanders of Scottish descent, is strong in the lower South Island – the city of Dunedin was founded as a Presbyterian settlement, and many of the early settlers in the region were Scottish Presbyterians.
Elsewhere, however, Presbyterians are usually outnumbered by both Anglicans and Catholics, making Presbyterianism the most geographically concentrated of the three main denominations.
The territorial authorities with the highest proportion of Presbyterians are Gore (where they are 30.9% of the total population), Clutha (30.7%), and Southland (29.8%).
The territorial authorities with the lowest proportion of Presbyterians are Far North (4.4%), Kaipara (6.2%), and Wellington (6.7%).
Christian organisations in New Zealand are heavily involved in community activities including education; health services; chaplaincy to prisons, rest homes and hospitals; social justice and human rights advocacy.
Approximately 11% of New Zealand students attend Catholic schools; the Anglican Church administers a number of schools; and schools administered by members of the New Zealand Association for Christian Schools educated 13,000 students in 2009.
Christmas Day, 25 December, falls during the Southern Hemisphere Summer allowing open air caroling and barbecues in the sun.
Nevertheless, various Northern hemisphere traditions have continued in New Zealand – including roast dinners and Christmas trees, with the pohutukawa regarded as New Zealand's iconic Christmas tree.
The architectural landscape of New Zealand has been affected by Christianity and the prominence of churches in cities, towns and the countryside attests to its historical importance in New Zealand.
Notable Cathedrals include the Anglican Holy Trinity Cathedral, Auckland, ChristChurch Cathedral, Christchurch and Saint Paul's Cathedral, Wellington and the Catholic St Patrick's Cathedral, Auckland, Sacred Heart Cathedral, Wellington, Cathedral of the Blessed Sacrament, Christchurch, St. Joseph's Cathedral, Dunedin.
The iconic Futuna Chapel was built as a Wellington retreat center for the Catholic Marist order in 1961.
The design by Māori architect John Scott, fuses Modernist and indigenous design principles.
Christian and Māori choral traditions have been blended in New Zealand to produce a distinct contribution to Christian music, including the popular hymns Whakaria Mai and Tama Ngakau Marie.
New Zealand hosts the largest Christian music festival in the Southern Hemisphere, Parachute Music Festival.
The festival is also one of the largest music festivals in the Southern Hemisphere overall.
Despite this, each sitting day of the New Zealand Parliament opens with a Christian prayer.
In contrast to England, where the Anglican Church is the officially established church, in New Zealand the Anglican Church has no special status, although it often officiates at civic events such as Anzac Day.
Most New Zealanders consider politicians' religious beliefs to be a private matter and although many New Zealand Prime Ministers have been professing Christians, the incumbent, Jacinda Ardern and two recent predecessors, John Key and Helen Clark are agnostic.
Christian political parties have never gained significant support and have often been characterised by controversy.
Many of these are now defunct, such as the Christian Democrat Party, the Christian Heritage Party which collapsed after leader Graham Capill was convicted as a child sex offender, Destiny New Zealand, The Family Party and the New Zealand Pacific Party whose leader Taito Phillip Field was convicted on bribery and corruption charges.
The Exclusive Brethren gained public notoriety during the 2005 election for distributing anti-Labour pamphlets, which former National Party leader Don Brash later admitted to knowledge of.
United Future, which although not a Christian party, has had significant Christian backing, has been more successful.
The two main political parties, Labour and National, are not religious, although religious groups have at times played a significant role (e.g.
the Ratana Movement).
Politicians are often involved in public dialogue with religious groups.
The Catholic Church in New Zealand had a number of its priests convicted of child sexual abuse, notably at Marylands School.
Newspapers have also reported child sex abuse cases within the Exclusive Brethren.
According to a 2019 survey, nearly four in ten New Zealanders lacked trust in evangelical Christians.
New Zealand Journal of History (2008) 42#2 pp 133–153.
Thomas Edward Murphy (January 27, 1856 − December 14, 1933) was an American educator.
He did not graduate, instead entering the Society of Jesus in 1875 in Quebec.
After further studies at Woodstock College in Maryland he obtained a post at Georgetown University in Washington D.C. in 1882.
In 1887 he returned to Woodstock, and in 1890 was ordained.
He was dean of studies at Georgetown from 1891 to 1893, and in 1894 returned to the College of St. Francis Xavier as its president.
In 1900 he became dean of studies at Holy Cross College, where he became president in 1906, resigning in 1906 to allow more time for parochial work.
From 1912 until his death he was the pastor of the Church of St. Ignatius in Brooklyn.
Julian Ignacy Nowak (; 10 March 1865 – 7 November 1946) was a Polish microbiologist and politician who served as 9th Prime Minister of Poland in 1922.
Nowak studied medicine at the Jagiellonian University in 1886–1893, and was a professor there since 1899.
In 1921–1922 he was a rector of the university.
Being a conservative politician, he served as the Prime Minister briefly in 1922.
In the same year he also served briefly as the Minister of Religious Affairs.
In 1922–1927 he was a Senator in the Polish Senate.
He was awarded the Commander's Cross of the Order of Polonia Restituta.
Julian Ignacy Nowak was buried in Rakowicki Cemetery.
Robert Michael Edmans (born 25 January 1987) is a football forward who last played for Chelmsford City.
Upon his return to England he joining Tiptree United then Maldon Town in 2007–08.
The following season he returned to Leicestershire and played for Loughborough Dynamo in the Northern Premier League.
He impressed Chelmsford during a pre-season game Chelmsford City before joining Dagenham & Redbridge.
He made his FA Cup debut for Dagenham against Millwall on 17 January 2012, coming on a substitute In March 2012, Edmans joined Conference South side Dover Athletic on loan until the end of the season.
On the first of February 2013, Edmans signed on contract with Chelmsford City after having his contract terminated by Dagenham and Redbridge by mutual consent.
After the arrival of Ben Strevens, it's thought that Edmans' services were no longer required by the Daggers.
This is his third stint with the Clarets (his second on a permanent deal).
The 2013–14 season is the 18th edition of Europe's premier basketball tournament for women – EuroLeague Women since it was rebranded to its current format.
The teams are divided into two groups of 7 teams and one group of 6 teams.
The teams were divided in two groups of seven and one group of six teams.
14 teams will progress to contest the playoffs while the organiser of the Final Eight will qualify automatically to the season ending tournament.
Game 2 were played on 14 March 2014.
Game 3 will be played on 19 March 2014.
The team that won two games first, advanced to the quarterfinals.
UMMC Ekaterinburg qualified directly to the quarterfinals as hoster of the Final Eight.
The two group winners advanced to the Semi-Final Round.
Reunion Arena was an indoor arena located in the Reunion district of downtown Dallas, Texas.
The arena served as the primary home of the National Basketball Association's Dallas Mavericks and the National Hockey League's Dallas Stars.
Its capacity held accommodations for 18,190 basketball spectators and 17,000 for ice hockey spectators.
Reunion was also a performance venue for some of the biggest names in popular music from the 1980s through the late 2000s including Paul McCartney, Michael Jackson, Prince, Frank Sinatra, Elton John, David Bowie, Madonna, Pink Floyd, Queen, U2, R.E.M.
and Radiohead.
Reunion Arena was demolished in November 2009 and the site was cleared by the end of the year.
It was named for the early mid-19th century commune, La Reunion.
Reunion Arena was notable for two lasts: it was the last NBA or NHL arena to be built without luxury suites, and it was the last NHL arena to still use an American Sign and Indicator scoreboard (though not the last in the NBA—see Charlotte Coliseum).
The color matrix messageboards on that scoreboard were replaced in 1991 with Sony Jumbotron video screens.
Both teams moved to the new American Airlines Center in 2001.
The Dallas Desperados Arena Football team used the arena for its 2003 season but ultimately returned to American Airlines Center.
The arena's last remaining full-time sports tenant was the MISL Dallas Sidekicks, but the club was inactive after the fall of 2004.
Reunion Arena also hosted the WCT Tennis Tournament in the 1980s, including Virginia Slims Invitational Tournament.
Due to scheduling conflicts in 1984, the WCT Tennis Tournament forced the Dallas Mavericks to play Game 5 of their first ever playoff series at Moody Coliseum, against the Seattle SuperSonics.
While Southern Methodist University competed in the Southwest Conference, Reunion Arena was known by University of Arkansas Razorbacks fans, as Barnhill South, due to the big following by the Arkansas fans away from home; the Barnhill Arena was the home to all UA games until 1993.
Reunion Arena hosted the Southwest Conference's basketball tournament in the 1980s and 1990s, as well as the 1986 NCAA Final Four.
Reunion was also a venue that was frequently used by World Class Championship Wrestling in the 1980s, in which the organization held its bi-monthly Star Wars events.
Although The Who was widely promoted as the first concert at Reunion on July 2, 1980, the first musical act to perform at the venue was actually Parliament-Funkadelic on May 9, 1980.
At least five other concerts including Boz Scaggs, The Commodores, The Oak Ridge Boys, Foghat with The Pat Travers Band, and a triple bill of Ted Nugent, Scorpions, and Def Leppard were all booked before the official opening in July.
They are divided up by the year they played, starting in the 1980s.
A number of acts were so popular they booked (and usually sold out) multiple consecutive dates.
Some of the most successful multi-night engagements at Reunion Arena included Stevie Wonder (November 2-3, 1980), AC/DC (February 1-2, 1982 and October 11-12, 1985), Rush (February 28-March 1, 1983, January 12-13, 1986 and January 19-20, 1988), Bob Seger and the Silver Bullet Band (May 4-5, 1983), Bryan Adams and Journey (June 8-10, 1983; Journey returned August 2-3, 1986), ZZ Top (four-night stints September 28-October 1, 1983 and August 30-September 4, 1986; two-night engagements on August 30-31, 1986, April 22-23, 1991 and October 29-30, 1994), The Police with UB40 (November 13-14, 1983), Neil Diamond (December 4-6, 1983, December 6-8, 1984 and June 9-10, 1986), Van Halen (September 10-11, 1981, November 18-19, 1982 and July 14-16, 1984), Prince (December 30, 1984 - January 1, 1985), Genesis (January 18-19, 1987), David Bowie (October 10-11, 1987), Pink Floyd (November 21-23, 1987), Michael Jackson (April 25-27, 1988), Madonna (May 7-8, 1990), Mötley Crüe with Lita Ford and Faster Pussycat (July 30-31, 1990), Depeche Mode with The The (October 13-14, 1993), Garth Brooks (February 13-15, 1998), Backstreet Boys (March 3-4, 2000), Dixie Chicks (August 10-11, 2000), and Paul McCartney (May 9-10, 2002).
The duo returned to Reunion Arena September 27, 1998 in support of their follow-up Walking Into Clarksdale.
The Jacksons -- brothers Michael, Jermaine, Jackie, Marlon, Randy and Tito -- performed on July 11, 1981 as part of the Triumph Tour, performing both a Jackson 5 medley as well as covers of Michael's 70s hits including "Off The Wall," "Rock With You," "Don't Stop 'Til You Get Enough," and more.
In April 1988, Michael Jackson returned for a three-night engagement in support of his Bad album.
Janet Jackson headlined Reunion Arena on July 2, 1990 touring behind her smash album Rhythm Nation 1814.
In the 1990s and 2000s hip-hop and rap acts as diverse as MC Hammer, Bobby Brown, Method Man and Redman, DMX, Jay-Z, and Eminem would eventually headline the venue.
Although legacy hard rock acts like Aerosmith and Rush continued to be big draws in the 1990s and 2000s the headliners at Reunion Arena were often aggressive radio-rock acts like Primus, Korn, Incubus, Pantera, Rob Zombie, Limp Bizkit, Staind, Bush, Blink-182, Marilyn Manson, Godsmack, Kid Rock, Rammstein, System Of A Down, and Tool.
Alternative rock bands including Sonic Youth, Social Distortion, U2, Pixies, Morrissey, Radiohead, Garbage, The Smashing Pumpkins, Pearl Jam, Alanis Morrissette and PJ Harvey all played Reunion Arena in the 1990s and 2000s.
After the Dallas Stars and Dallas Mavericks moved to American Airlines Center in 2001, that newer and larger venue also began to attract sporting and concert events.
In early 2002, Reunion Arena booked engagements including Bob Dylan, *NSYNC, Crosby, Stills, Nash & Young, and Paul McCartney.
But the venue fell out of favor with music promoters that summer and went more than two years without a major concert event.
The Black-Eyed Peas and Gwen Stefani played on November 11, 2005, the last major act to perform at Reunion Arena.
The final performance at Reunion Arena was Christian hip-hop act Group 1 Crew with Phoenix-based pop-punk group Stellar Kart on June 28, 2008.
The video for the Scorpions' "Still Loving You" was filmed at Reunion Arena in 1984.
Mötley Crüe shot the video for "Home Sweet Home" partially at Reunion Arena (exteriors and time lapses) on October 2, 1985.
The concert footage was shot two days later at Houston concert venue The Summit.
Judas Priest played June 27, 1986 recording the entire show which parts can be found on the Priest...Live!
album.
A full concert DVD was released as well.
Pink Floyd played three consecutive shows at Reunion in November 1987.
Pop songstress Whitney Houston played two sold-out concerts at Reunion in September 1987.
Country music superstar Garth Brooks filmed his first television special, This Is Garth Brooks, in the arena on September 20, 1991.
The concert became noteworthy after Brooks and guitarist Ty England smashed two guitars on stage.
Country music star Shania Twain filmed her performance for the Come On Over Tour in the arena on September 12, 1998 and later released on her first DVD, Shania Twain Live.
Frank Sinatra played Reunion Arena three times: in 1984, 1987 and 1989.
His October 24, 1987 concert was recorded and released in 2018 as part of the Standing Room Only album.
Metallica's February 5, 1989 show at Reunion Arena was broadcast nationally on FM radio and widely bootlegged.
An abbreviated version of this recording was eventually released on CD in 2001 as part of the Fan Can 4 box set.
In August 2008, the council said it would implode the arena if it could find an entity willing to foot the bill.
The council hoped for the implosion to be part of a movie scene with the film company picking up the tab for the implosion.
When no filmmaker seemed interested, the city decided to demolish it using other methods, a process which took several months.
Demolition was officially completed on November 17, 2009 and the site was completely cleared by the end of the year.
Post-demolition, the site has seen little use.
In 2011, Prince was to perform as part of Super Bowl XLV-related festivities, but the show was canceled due to inclement weather.
And in September 2012, Cirque du Soleil's Koozå took place here.
As of October 2013, the adjacent parking garage remained standing and there were no plans for construction on the site.
1980: Queen performed during The Game Tour on August 9; the music video for their hit song "Another One Bites the Dust" was recorded at the arena.
1982: Ozzy Osbourne performed with guitar virtuoso Randy Rhoads, who was killed in a plane crash less than a month later.
1982: On November 25, singer Linda Ronstadt performed her famous Happy Thanksgiving Day concert, one of the first ever via satellite concerts, by a female solo artist, to be broadcast live on radio stations across the nation.
1982: On December 25 at WCCW Christmas Star Wars, an angle was executed during the Ric Flair vs. Kerry Von Erich cage match for the NWA World Heavyweight Championship, with Michael Hayes as a referee the match which led to the Von Erich family vs. Fabulous Freebird feud.
Astronomical levels of business occurred for the World Class Championship Wrestling promotion during 1983 and 1984 as a result.
1983: The first wrestling sellout, of more than 17,000, was on June 17, headlined by Harley Race vs. Kevin Von Erich for the NWA World Heavyweight Championship, and Bruiser Brody and Kerry Von Erich vs. Michael Hayes and Terry Gordy (two-thirds of the Fabulous Freebirds).
1983: On November 13 and 14, The Police played two sold-out concerts as part of their Synchronicity Tour.
1984: Black Sabbath played there on their completely sold-out Born Again Tour, with Deep Purple's Ian Gillan on vocals.
1984: Scorpions filmed their video for "Still Loving You".
1985: Phil Collins' No Jacket Required Tour played here.
Show was also filmed for video release.
1985: Mötley Crüe's Theatre of Pain Tour stopped here; they filmed their video for "Home Sweet Home".
1986: NCAA men's basketball Final Four and NBA All-Star Game.
1987: Frank Sinatra performed and recorded a show on October 24, featured in his 2018 posthumous live compilation album, Standing Room Only.
1988: Michael Jackson performed three consecutive sold–out shows at Reunion Arena, during his Bad World Tour on April 25–27, 1988.
1988: Prince performed a sold-out show during his Lovesexy Tour on November 29, 1988.
1991: Garth Brooks tapes his first television special, This Is Garth Brooks!, during a sold-out concert in September.
The special airs on NBC in early 1992.
It is released on VHS on June 16, 1992 and it is later included as part of the November 2006 DVD release, Garth Brooks – The Entertainer.
The concert was notable for Brooks and Ty England smashing two acoustic guitars together.
1993: The first Dallas Stars hockey game was played against the Detroit Red Wings on October 5.
The Stars defeated the Red Wings 6-4.
1998: Shania Twain tapes her television special Shania Twain Live, on September 12, which is aired exclusively on DirecTV for free.
The special was later released on DVD in November 1999.
Three of her music videos were also taken from this performance.
The Stars won the cup in Game 6 over the Sabres 2-1 in the third overtime period, but on the road at Buffalo's HSBC Arena.
2000: Games 3, 4, and 6 of the 2000 Stanley Cup Finals were played.
However, the New Jersey Devils won the Stanley Cup, defeating the Dallas Stars in Game 6, 2-1 in the second overtime period.
2000: WWF Fully Loaded.
2009: Reunion Arena is demolished.
The music portion for notable performing acts/groups should be divided up by years and genres if this is going to be done right, at least, in my opinion.
The Age of Insects is a 1990 American psycho-horror comedy film directed by Eric Marciano (Marano), his first feature film, and co-written by him and Club 57 alumnus Andy Rees.
Influenced by B-movies and bad television shows from the 1950s and 1960s, and portraying the East Village of the early 1980s, it is an account of a mad doctor's hallucinogenic treatments for bad boys.
It was filmed from 1983 to 1990 in New York City, pioneering a mix of Super 8, 16 mm, 35mm film, Hi8, 3/4" and BetaCam video formats.
The film stars Jack Ramey, Lisa Zane, K.C.
Townshend, Louis Homyak, Dallas Munroe, Heather Woodbury, and David Ilku.
In 2007 a succinct and extensive story of how the film came to be was published in "Gods in Spandex: a Survivors' Account of 80's Cinema Obscura" by Suzanne Donahue and Mikael Sovijarvi (also the authors of Gods In Polyester: A Survivors' Account Of 70's Cinema Obscura).
Marina Ivanova-Kharlamova (; born 24 May 1962) is a Russian former Soviet track and field sprinter.
She set 400 metres personal bests of 50.63 seconds outdoors and 52.23 seconds indoors.
She was the national champion at the Soviet Indoor Athletics Championships in 1989.
She won bronze medals with the Soviet Union women's 4 × 400 metres relay team at the 1983 World Championships in Athletics (with Yelena Korban, Irina Baskakova and Mariya Pinigina) and at the 1979 European Athletics Junior Championships (with Lyubov Kiryukhina, Aldona Mendzoryte and Liliya Tuznikova).
The Zee Cine Award Best Lyricist is chosen by the jury and the winner is announced at the actual ceremony.
The award is given in the current year but the winner is awarded for his/her work in the previous year.
The Indianapolis, Indiana neighborhood of University Heights is located south of the University of Indianapolis, on the Indianapolis south side.
The boundaries are as follows: to the north is Hanna Avenue, to the south is the south side of Lawrence Avenue, to the east is Keystone Avenue, and to the west is Shelby Street.
The University Heights neighborhood has a historic connection with the University of Indianapolis (formerly Indiana Central College).
For several years members of the Church of the United Brethren in Christ wanted to develop a college in central Indiana.
For financial reasons, however, the prospects remained bleak until 1902 when William L. Elder, an Indianapolis realtor and land developer, came to the rescue.
Four miles south of Downtown Indianapolis, near the intersection of the Pennsylvania Railroad and the Indianapolis, Columbus & Southern Traction Line, Elder was planning to develop a subdivision named Marion Heights.
When he became aware of the effort to found a college, he offered to change the name of his proposed subdivision to University Heights; to name all the streets of the subdivision for United Brethren bishops, past or present; to donate  of land for the college campus; and to erect $40,000 worth of campus buildings.
In return he asked the college’s trustees to sell the remaining 446 building lots for him.
Sartaj Garewal is a British actor and voice artist who works in films, TV, theatre and audio.
His films include The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen (2003), Dirty War (2004), The Infidel (2010) and Baseline (2010).
Notable stage performances include Behind The Beautiful Forevers (National Theatre) 2015.
Other theatre includes Romeo & Juliet (Royal Exchange Manchester), Taming of the Shrew (Arcola Theatre), East is East (New Vic Theatre, Stoke), Too Close to Home (Lyric Hammersmith, and Tinderbox (Bush Theatre) 2008.
He played the lead role of Kuljit in BBC radio drama Silver Street for 6 years and has narrated various audiobooks including Cutting For Stone by Abraham Verghese, Jubilee by Shelley Harris and Playing It My Way, Sachin Tendulkar's autobiography.
He has also featured on The Archers and BBC Radio 4's Book At Bedtime.
Born and raised in Wiltshire, Garewal holds a BA(Hons) Accounting & Finance.
Garewal played Jasper Choudhury in over 50 episodes in Season 2 of US teen drama House of Anubis for Nickelodeon in 2012.
Picrasma is a genus of flowering plants in the family Simaroubaceae, comprising six to nine species native to temperate to tropical regions of Asia, and tropical regions of the Americas.
The species are shrubs and trees growing up to 20 m tall.
Jure Francetić (3 July 1912 – 27/28 December 1942) was a Croatian Ustaša Commissioner for the Bosnia and Herzegovina regions of the Independent State of Croatia (NDH) during World War II, and commander of the 1st Ustaše Regiment of the Ustaše Militia, later known as the Black Legion.
In both roles he was responsible for the massacre of Bosnian Serbs and Jews.
A member of Ante Pavelić's inner circle, he was considered by many Ustaše as a possible successor to Pavelić as Poglavnik (leader) of the NDH.
He died of wounds inflicted when he was captured by Partisans near Slunj in the Kordun region when his aircraft crash-landed there in late December 1942.
After high school where he was influenced by nationalist teachers, he went to study law at the University of Zagreb, where he joined the Ustaša movement and abandoned his studies.
Soon after, he was exiled from Zagreb for five years as a result of his anti-Yugoslav political activities.
He stayed in Otočac for a short time before emigrating to Italy in March 1933, where he took the Ustaša oath in the Borgotaro camp on 24 April 1933.
He spent the next four years in Austria, Italy and Hungary.
In Hungary he joined the Ustaša camp at Jankapuszta under the nom de guerre "Laszlo", became deputy commander of the camp, and developed into a fanatical Ustaša.
After the assassination of King Alexander, Francetić was interned on Sardinia by Mussolini at the request of the Yugoslav government.
After a general declaration of amnesty in the Kingdom of Yugoslavia, Francetić returned to Croatia in November 1937, but was immediately arrested and exiled to his hometown.
The next year Francetić returned to Zagreb hoping to complete his study of law but was forced to complete his military service instead.
His nationalist activities included greeting all the inhabitants of Otočac with the slogan "Long live Ante Pavelić!
Long live the Independent State of Croatia!".
In late 1940 he was arrested in Zagreb due to a congratulatory telegraph to Dr Jozef Tiso, president of the newly formed Slovak Republic, signed by a number of Croat nationalists.
He was again exiled to his native Otočac.
After delivering an inflammatory nationalistic speech at a local school's New Year's celebration in Otočac on 12 January 1941, he escaped to Germany to avoid arrest.
He arrived in Sarajevo on 24 April 1941 with Marshal Slavko Kvaternik, around 800 Ustaša militia, and 300 Ustaša police to establish formal control.
Francetić effectively became the most powerful political leader in Sarajevo, and established a reputation for ruthlessness in dealing with Serbs and Jews.
Francetić's Ustashe took control over the local administration by dismissing all civil servants and teachers belonging to the category of "Srbijanci", as well as Jews.
Killings, arrests, and deportation of Serbs and Jews was a regular duty of Francetić's henchmen—based and justified by the official Ustashe policy which demanded the total extermination of Jews and the murder (1/3) and/or expulsion (1/3) and/or forced conversion to Roman Catholicism by Orthodox Serbs in Bosnia and Herzegovina (1/3).
"On 23 July 1941 the headquarters of the NDH Ustasha police sent an order to the heads of all regions, including Francetić, to begin with the arrest and transportation of Jews, Serbs and communists to the Gospić concentration camp.
In September 1942, Francetić was removed from his role as the chief government delegate in Bosnia, probably to address the concerns of the Muslims of Bosnia about the atrocities perpetrated by the Ustaše over the last eighteen months.
The 1st Ustaša Regiment () was raised by Francetić and Ante Vokić in Sarajevo in September 1941.
When the original commander of the regiment was killed, Francetić took over command, and the regiment grew quickly and gained a reputation for fanaticism and violence.
Raised for service in eastern Bosnia, by December it had been dubbed the 'Black Legion' () after adopting a black uniform.
It was feared for its fanatical morale and fighting qualities, but also for the atrocities it committed against the Bosnian Serb population.
It soon grew to a strength of between 1000–1500 men.
In the winter of 1941–1942, the Black Legion carried out massacres in both Prijedor in the north-west of Bosnia and also in the Romanija mountains north-east of Sarajevo.
In the latter massacres, they killed thousands of defenceless Bosnian Serb civilians and threw their bodies into the Drina river.
Francetić was rumoured to have ordered the killing of more than 3000 of those massacred in these operations.
Francetić earned his only military education and officer rank while serving the Kingdom of Yugoslavia Army.
He became a non-commissioned officer in the rank of sergeant.
Regarding Francetić's military experience and knowledge, Eugen Dido Kvaternik wrote: "He did not have basic military knowledge and military education, nor did he have any talent for basic military organization."
After establishment of the Independent State of Croatia in April 1941 Francetić and 10 others organized the Black Legion.
Francetić became the leader of the Black Legion and earned the rank of colonel in the Ustaša army.
Kvaternik believed Francetić "a born guerrilla and a son of our mountainous Herzegovina", which was sufficient reason to elevate him to military leader in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Commencing on 31 March 1942, and against German wishes, Francetić launched an independent offensive against the Partisans and Chetniks in eastern Bosnia.
The Black Legion quickly captured Drinjača, Vlasenica, Bratunac and Srebrenica from the Partisans and defeated larger Chetnik forces led by Major Jezdimir Dangić.
Francetić also led the Black Legion during the joint German-Italian-Ustaša offensive Operation Trio in eastern Bosnia in April to June 1942, and according to the overall commander, General Bader, the Black Legion "significantly aided the success of the joint offensive".
In May, the Black Legion massacred about 890 Serbs and Jews from Vlasenica after raping women and girls.
Justification for the slaughter of Bosnian Serbs and Jews Francetić found in "the propaganda of 'the Jewish communist hydra' had succeeded in misleading a majority of the Serb Orthodox population in eastern Bosnia into committing 'criminal acts against the state' the 'most drastic means' would have to be employed against them."
Francetić personally arrested and interrogated prominent Serbian and Jewish leaders, and ordered the murders of some of them.
Francetić turned his own Sarajevo apartment into a prison kitchen/laundry room.
The Ustashe's savagery against Serbs and dissidents reportedly prompted the German command to demand that Francetić, as the commander of the 1st Brigade Black Legion, be dismissed.
Pavelić refused, promoting Francetić to commander of all Ustashe field formations.
While flying to Gospić on 22 December, his plane was downed by Yugoslav Partisans near the village of Močile, near Slunj, which was a Partisan-held area.
Both he and his pilot were immediately captured by local villagers.
Severely wounded, Francetić was taken to NOVJ General Staff Hospital where Partisan surgeons attempted to save his life in order to exchange him for inmates of Ustaše camps and prisons, but failed.
Ustashe authorities were so concerned about the effect of his death would have on supporters of their movement that the news of his death was delayed until the beginning of March 1943.
Official announcement of his death came on March 31, 1943, and Ustashe declared eight days of official mourning.
The 13th (Tomislavgrad) and 19th (Gospić) battalions of the HOS were given the title 'Jure Francetić' in his memory.
In May 1993, one of the formations of the Croatian Defence Council (, HVO) operating in the Zenica region of Bosnia and Herzegovina was called the "Jure Francetić" Brigade.
A memorial plaque to Francetić was raised in Slunj in June 2000 by the Association of War Veterans ("Hrvatski domobran").
Four years later, in late 2004, the Croatian government ordered the removal of the memorial plaque.
In January 2005, in the outskirts of Split, another memorial to Francetić and Mile Budak was built by unknown persons.
Aneta Bogdan is a Romanian branding, corporate identity and marketing consultant.
She is co-founder and managing partner of brand and design company Brandient, which operates from Bucharest and Singapore.
She is considered a pioneer in the branding discipline in Romania and was included in the top 100 "Most Powerful Business Women in Romania" in 2012, as well as in other relevant business publications, such as "Who’s Who in Business Romania 2018", made by Ziarul Financiar.
Bogdan consults leading entrepreneurs and businesses in Eastern Europe and Southeast Asia, including Bitdefender, eMAG, Dedeman, Transavia, Banca Transilvania as well as multinational businesses such as YTL Corporation, Vodafone, ING Bank, Heineken and Renault.
She was the advisor for the rebranding of several nation brands, such as sports organisations Romanian Olympic and Sports Committee, Romanian Rugby Federation, media organisations National Romanian Television and Radiocom, and the Romanian national bank CEC Bank, as well as for the creation of the Team Romania brand and the first visual identity for the Romania National Football Team.
Bogdan is a Chartered Marketer, a Fellow of The Chartered Institute of Marketing (FCIM) and holds an MBA from the Open University Business School (UK).
She is also a trainer and brand speaker, and the author of Branding on the Eastern Front.
Her first job was in a company producing and exporting industrial goods.
Her career unfolded exclusively in marketing and branding.
After a few jobs in the marketing management of local firms, she was hired in 1997 by the new telecom player Mobifon, operating the Connex brand (owned at the time by Telesystems International Wireless and AirTouch Canada).
She was promoted as Marketing Communications Director, contributing to building the most valuable Romanian brand at the time – Connex was subsequently acquired by Vodafone in 2005 for EUR 2.6 billion.
Since 1998, Bogdan has been a member of The Chartered Institute of Marketing (CIM), where she received in 2001 the Chartered Marketer qualification.
Since 2011, she is a Fellow of The Chartered Institute of Marketing (FCIM).
In 2002 she received her post-graduate degree MBA (Master of Business Administration) from Open University Business School (UK).
In the same year, she left Connex to co-found the brand strategy and design company Brandient, together with designer Cristian Kit Paul and finance professional Mihai Bogdan.
Bogdan is a frequent keynote speaker on branding and an awarded professional.
She has been invited in the jury of global design competitions.
Bogdan is author of the book Branding on the Eastern Front (Romanian edition published in 2010, international edition published in 2018).
She has talked about improving the Romanian "brand" in the world and is active in several Romanian social causes.
In 2012, Brandient extended its activity in Southeast Asia, and opened an office in Singapore.
Bogdan is Managing Partner of Brandient worldwide.
Brandient has received many industry awards including Red Dot, Graphis, Rebrand 100, Pentawards, Transform etc., and was included in the Rebrand Hall of Fame in 2015.
Through Brandient, Bogdan was responsible for the creation of over 100 new brands (a selection of which was published in the book Brandient 101 in 2010) and was the advisor for a quarter of the most valuable 50 Romanian brands (as per the report released by the global consulting firm Brand Finance).
Later in 2010, Olins wrote the foreword for her book Branding on the Eastern Front.
In 2009, Bogdan and Olins led the consortium Brandient-Saffron at the tender for pitching for the tourism brand of Romania, organised by the Ministry of Development and Tourism.
In 2011, Bogdan was selected as a frontrunner at the tender for create the “Made in Bhutan” brand, organised by the Ministry of Economy from Bhutan, under the aegis of the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP).
The book is written after 20 years of practice in marketing, communication and branding, and its topic is “about reputation, against the tide” — as its subtitle reads — with focus on the pioneering of the branding approach on emergent markets in Eastern Europe.
The book is referenced in academic research and serves as bibliography for the branding discipline at national universities.
The international edition in English was published in 2018.
The Palais Equitable is a mansion in Stock-im-Eisen-Platz (now part of Stephansplatz) in the Innere Stadt of Vienna, Austria, that was built in the 19th century for The Equitable Life Assurance Society of the United States and that incorporates the Stock im Eisen on one corner.
The building is on the site of five small medieval buildings that were demolished between 1856 and 1886, partly in order to expand Kärntner Straße.
It was designed by Andreas Streit and constructed between 1887 and 1891.
It is one of the few palaces or mansions in Vienna never to have been an aristocratic residence.
The Palais Equitable has a richly detailed façade featuring American eagles.
The Stock im Eisen, enclosed in glass, is in a niche on the Kärntner Straße corner of the building, and bronze reliefs by Rudolf Weyr on the main doors depict its history.
The remainder of the ornamentation is by Viktor Oskar Tilgner and Johann Schindler.
The interior is also extremely sumptuous: marble from Hallein and granite from Saxony were used for the dramatic stairway and the vestibule, and the glass-covered interior courtyard is completely clad in tile and maiolica.
(The stairway was apparently intended to be adaptable for access to a future subway.)
A painting on the ceiling of the lobby and the stucco ornamentation on the second floor are by Julius Victor Berger.
Wilhelm Beck & Söhne, providers of uniforms to the Austro-Hungarian Empire, had its shop in the building, and the United States consulate was located there.
The Palais Equitable was damaged in World War II but was restored in 1949.
The entrance area was renovated by Rüdiger Lainer in 1997.
Today the building houses offices of various companies and organizations including the Austrian division of Sal.
Oppenheim, and a retail outlet for Aurgarten Porcelain.
Art and Enterprise: The 19th Century Administrative Buildings of a U.S. Life Insurance Company: With Particular Consideration of the Vienna, Austria, building known as "zum Stock in Eisen".
The following is a list of 2019 box office number-one films in South Korea.
When the number-one film in gross is not the same as the number-one film in admissions, both are listed.
Run the Risk is a British children's game show, which ran from 26 September 1992 to 28 December 1996.
It was aired as part of Saturday mornings show Going Live!
and Live & Kicking.
It is presented by Peter Simon for the entire run alongside Shane Richie, John Eccleston and Bobby Davro, for part of the run with links written by Paul Duddridge (With the exception of the John Eccleston series.
The games the teams had to do involved gunge and were similar to those performed on It's a Knockout.
Run the Risk borrowed much from its predecessor, Double Dare, which was also hosted by Peter Simon.
In round 1, the first question was worth 10 points; the second, 20; and the third, 30.
All question values increased by 10 with each new round.
At the end of each question round, the team that had answered the highest-valued question correctly was given a choice to either "run the risk" by taking part in a timed stunt, or to force another team to "run the risk."
If the team "ran the risk," and completed the conditions of the stunt within the allotted time, the team would receive as many points as the highest-valued question in the round (i.e., 30, 40, or 50), plus a 20-point bonus for "running the risk" themselves.
If the team failed, the other two teams would each receive half of the points (but none of the bonus).
Should the team nominate another team, then there are no bonus points available, and the points go to the team "running the risk" (if successful), or the nominating team (if unsuccessful).
One final question round was played with no stunt, with 40, 50, and 60 points available on each question (still only one question to a team, however).
After that, the teams face the "Final Risk," an obstacle course.
In the first series, this consisted of a fairly simple task.
One member from each team was placed inside a large fancy dress costume.
The member from the team in the lead was placed directly at the start line, while the other two teams were placed further back based on how far they are trailing the lead team.
As well as the obstacles of the course the players also had things thrown at them by the rest of the team members.
The first player to complete the course, sit on their respective pyramid, and step on the buzzers (the same method of signalling as in the question rounds) and be joined by their teammates won the grand prize.
Of the other two teams, the team with more points received a second-place prize, and the team with fewer points received a third-place prize.
In the second series, the final risk became more elaborate.
During the obstacle course, the players in fancy dress would have to pick up a block, and press a button.
Once they'd done this, it released their two teammates who would have to obtain the other two blocks.
One of these required climbing up an inflatable cone, on a revolving part of the stage and surrounded by moats of gunge, and the other was hidden in the gunge itself.
The first team to acquire all 3 blocks and place them together would be the winner.
In later series the teams were reduced from 3 per team to 2, and the format of the "Final Risk" also changed.
Whilst the obstacle course was maintained, at the end of it the team member in fancy dress would hand over to their teammate in normal uniform, and they would have to climb up a large inflatable slide next to the moat of gunge, whilst gunge was dropped on them from above.
On reaching the top of the slide, they would raise a flag (signalling victory) then slide back down in to the moat of gunge at the bottom.
At first contestants wore uniforms consisting of grey T-shirts with the "Run the Risk" logo on the back, in either red, yellow or blue depending on what team they were in, and blue shorts.
In later series' the T-shirts were changed from being grey to predominantly in their team colour, again with blue or black shorts.
These normally consisted of one episode where the teams were made up of a mixture of Celebrities and children, and one episode where all of the teams were made up of celebrities.
The celebrities were usually Children's Television presenters, Soap stars or up and coming Pop Stars.
Markuelia is a genus of fossil worm-like bilaterian animals allied to Ecdysozoa and known from strata of Lower Cambrian to Lower Ordovician age containing five species.
An advanced X-ray imaging technique called X-ray tomographic microscopy has been applied to splendidly preserved, uncrushed  Markuelia fossils found in Hunan province in southern China and in eastern Siberia.
When details in features smaller than one micrometre across can be observed, these fossils are seen to represent many developmental stages, from the first cell divisions to the time of hatching; therefore they offer a unique opportunity to study the development of Lower Cambrian animals.
The features observed indicate that the genus had a mouth surrounded by a ring of teeth, an alimentary canal, and an anus.
However the characters preserved are inconclusive regarding the genus' taxonomic affinity; it can at best be placed in the scalidophoran total group, since it is currently impossible to ally it with the Priapulids or other scalidophora.
Močna () is a settlement in the Municipality of Lenart in northeastern Slovenia.
It lies in the Slovene Hills () on the main regional road from Maribor to Lenart.
The area was part of the traditional region of Styria.
It is now included in the Drava Statistical Region.
A small chapel in the settlement dates to around 1800.
In poker, a freeroll has two distinct meanings.
One applies to the play of a single hand, and the other describes an entire poker tournament.
This most commonly occurs in a high-low split game where one player knows that he has a guaranteed low hand made, his opponent cannot make a better low no matter what the last card is, but the player who is low might possibly catch a lucky card that gives him a straight or flush, winning high as well.
Here's an example from Texas hold'em: Angie holds , and Burt holds .
After the fourth card is dealt, the board is .
Both players have an ace-high straight, the current nut hand, and so they will most likely split the pot.
But if the final card happens to be a club, Burt's straight will lose to Angie's flush.
There is no other possible final card that will give Burt more than a straight; only Angie can improve, so she is freerolling Burt.
If a player knows he has a freeroll, he can raise the pot with impunity, and often a less-skilled opponent with a good hand who does not realize that he is on the wrong end of the freeroll will continue to put in raises with no possible hope of gain.
In a typical pay-to-play tournament, the prize pool consists of an accumulation of the entry fees minus a "fee" which is retained by the house.
In a freeroll (at least from the players' perspective) the prize pool is essentially a "donation" provided by the house.
Of course, in most freerolls the house is able defray a significant portion of the prize pool (or even turn a profit) by charging for food and beverages, sponsorship fees, admission to spectators, broadcast rights fees, or any combination of these.
Sometimes a particular cardroom or casino (either traditional or online) will offer a freeroll tournament to frequent players.
Invitation-only tournaments are frequently freerolls.
Freerolls at Internet poker sites should not be confused with their close counterpart -- play money tournaments.
Freerolls are different from play-money tournaments in two respects.
Play money tournaments usually require the 'payment' of play money and the tournament winnings are play money.
Freeroll tournaments can be genuinely free, may require a payment of points (from a point system developed by the site), or on some occasions require a deposit of funds into the player's account.
The winnings are either real money, points, merchandise or entry tickets (invitations) to other tournaments.
Most if not all Internet poker sites have freeroll tournaments although in many cases require a payment of points to play.
These points typically can only be earned by paying and playing real money hands which in essence is a payment required to play their 'freerolls' and therefore a loose use of the term 'freeroll'.
There are Internet sites that allow playing in freerolls without payment of any kind and with the chance to win real money.
It is not unusual to pay to play in a feeder tournament that gives the winner(s) a free entry to another tournament but it is debatable whether these second level tournaments can be called 'freerolls', since they require a buy-in, albeit smaller than the major tournament one.
More often, such tournaments are called 'satellites'.
This format is typical of freeroll tournaments both on the Internet and in the 'brick and mortar' sites.
The Professional Poker Tour is one such 'freeroll', with entrants being required to qualify through their results in previous tournaments.
Sponsorship and broadcast-rights fees fund the prize pools.
Freeroll tournaments are not exclusive to poker.
Casinos frequently offer them to frequent and/or high-value players in games such as craps, blackjack, video poker and slot machines.
Guests would often ask for their "free rolls" and the words became fused together and expanded to mean any complimentary gaming bonus.
Dynamic page publishing is a method of designing publications in which layout templates are created which can contain different content in different publications.
Using this method, page designers do not work on finished pages, but rather on various layout templates and pieces of content, which can then be combined to create a number of finished pages.
In cases where the same content is being used in multiple layouts, the same layout is being used for several different sets of content, or both, dynamic page publishing can offer significant advantages of efficiency over a traditional system of page-by-page design.
This technology is often leveraged in web-to-print solutions for corporate intranets to enable customization and ordering of printed materials, advertising automation workflows inside of advertising agencies, catalog generation solutions for retailers and variable digital print on demand solutions for highly personalized one to one marketing.
The output from these solutions is often printed by a digital printing press.
Dynamic publishing is often considered to be a subset of automated publishing that enables generation of long documents, such as manuals or books from a content repository.
Dynamic publishing is often used to build high value documents, such as ads, collateral, brochures, catalogs, direct mail, eBooks and other documents on demand or in variable data printing workflows.
Dynamic publishing is often associated with XML authoring and technologies related to the Semantic Web initiatives.
Lesmesodon is an extinct genus of hyaenodontid that lived during the Eocene.
It was found in the Messel Pit in Germany.
Czaplic (feminine: Czaplicówna, plural Czaplicowie) is a Polish surname.
Mario Ngqiuyomizi Saliwa (6 March 1984 – 31 May 2015) was a South African first-class cricketer.
The 1950 Colorado gubernatorial election was held on November 7, 1950.
Republican nominee Daniel I. J. Thornton defeated Democratic incumbent Walter Walford Johnson with 52.43% of the vote.
Vadim Alekseyevich Kozin (; March 21, 1903 – December 19, 1994) was a Russian tenor and songwriter.
Vadim Alekseyevich Kozin was born the son of a merchant in Saint Petersburg to Alexei Gavrilovich Kozin and Vera Ilinskaya in 1903.
His mother was of Romani heritage and often sang in the local gypsy choir.
Their house was frequently full of musicians, exposing Vadim to tradition from an early age.
He began to sing professionally in the 1920s, and gained success almost immediately.
In the 1930s he moved to Moscow and began playing with the accompanist David Ashkenazi.
During World War II he served in the entertainment brigade and sang for Soviet troops.
In 1944, shortly before the birthday of Stalin, the police chief Lavrenty Beria called him up and asked why his songs didn't involve Stalin.
Kozin famously replied that songs about Stalin were not suited for tenor voices.
In late 1944, Kozin was sentenced to five years in jail as part of the repression campaign against prominent Soviet performers and was sent to the Magadan labour camps because of his alleged homosexuality.
He was initially released in 1950 and was able to return to his singing career.
Though released once again several years later, he was never officially exonerated and remained in exile in 'the spa Magadan' -as he called it- until his death.
Speaking to journalists in 1982, he explained how he had been forced to tour the Kolyma camps: "The Politburo formed brigades which would, under surveillance, go on tours of the concentration camps and perform for the prisoners and the guards, including those of the highest rank."
In 1993, while being interviewed by Theo Uittenbogaard for the TV documentary Gold – Lost in Siberia  , he recalled how he was released from exile temporarily and flown into Yalta for a few hours, because Winston Churchill, unaware of Kozin's forced exile, had asked Stalin for the famous singer Vadim Kozin to perform, during a break in the Yalta Conference, held February 4–11, 1945.
Also in 1993, Anna Sadovnikova and Christian Gramstadt made a report (SAT.1) and a film  ("Gold, Gulag, Gewalt", ORB ) about the Magadan-Susuman area, which included an interview with Vadim Kozin and recorded his famous Magadan song in his Magadan flat.
His prison sentence deeply traumatized Kozin, leading to the cessation of his singing career.
He even began burning his own records, to the point where his friends were forced to hide their own copies from him in order to preserve them.
The Soviet government never officially rehabilitated him and his 90th birthday was celebrated in private among friends in Magadan.
He died at the age of 91 in 1994.
Marc Almond included songs from Kozin's repertoire on his 2003 album Heart on Snow and went on to record the album Orpheus in Exile  on which he covers Kozin's songs exclusively.
The latter was released on September 7, 2009, to wide critical acclaim.
The Jamaican monkey (Xenothrix mcgregori) is an extinct species of New World monkey first uncovered at Long Mile Cave in Jamaica by Harold Anthony in 1920.
The most important find was the lower jaw and femur of a small monkey, found in the yellow limestone detritus.
It was not associated with the human remains but not so far from them that the animal must not be strongly suspected as an introduced species.
They remained circumspect in placing this primate taxonomically as it had shared characteristics with a number of platyrrhine taxa.
It is significantly larger than the living callitrichines, and work by Rosenberger has largely eliminated the possibility that these taxa share a close phylogenetic relationship.
Rosenberger suggested that the absence of the third molar in Xenothrix was not homologous with this character state in callitrichines.
He based his assessment on the length of the molars relative to the molar row, and the inferred retention of hypocones on M1-2, which have been greatly reduced in the marmosets and tamarins.
He further suggested that Xenothrix shared a close phylogenetic affinity with Callicebus or Aotus.
His conclusions were tentative due to the fragmentary nature of the material.
The postcranial remains discovered by Anthony in the 1920s were eventually described by MacPhee and Fleagle who attributed the femur, os coxae, and tibia to the order Primates.
MacPhee and Fleagle stated that the primate postcrania bore little resemblance to modern forms, but they interpreted the femur as being indicative of slow climbing.
The femur also shares some similarities with Potos flavus, the kinkajou.
They provisionally accepted Hershkovitz’s family Xenotrichidae until further analysis could fully elucidate the relationships of Xenothrix.
This discovery confirmed that the dental formula of this taxon is 2.1.3.2.
With the new partial face, Horovitz and MacPhee were able to further develop the hypothesis, first proposed by MacPhee et al., that all the Antillean monkeys (the others being the two Cuban monkey species of genus Paralouatta and Antillothrix bernensis of Hispaniola) belonged to a monophyletic group linked most closely with modern Callicebus.
Rosenberger has objected to this hypothesis and has suggested that Xenothrix was a Jamaican owl monkey, thus modifying his earlier view.
He based his conclusions on the fairly large orbit size as inferred from the preserved orbital rim, large inferior orbital fissure, and the large I1 alveolus as compared to the I2 alveolus.
These characters are shared with Aotus.
MacPhee and Horovitz tested this alternative phylogeny with extensive anatomical comparisons and by extending their parsimony analysis using PAUP*.
They maintained that the monophyly of the Antillean monkeys was still supported in the most parsimonious trees, but in slightly less parsimonious trees, Aotus does appear to be linked with Xenothrix.
MacPhee and Horovitz assigned the Antillean monkeys to the tribe Xenotrichini – the sister group of the tribe Callicebini.
DNA analysis indicates that the species is a type of titi monkey, sister to the recently recognized northern South American genus Cheracebus, that colonized Jamaica around 11 million years ago.
(1981).
Systematics: the higher taxa.
In Coimbra, A.F.
& Mittermeier, R.A.
(eds.).
Ecology and Behavior of Neotropical Primates 1: 9–28.
Rio de Janeiro: Academia Brasileira de Ciencias.
Kinnairdy Castle is a tower house, having five storeys and a garret, two miles south of Aberchirder, Aberdeenshire, Scotland.
The alternative name is Old Kinnairdy.
The castle was sold by the Innes family to Sir James Crichton of Frendraught in 1629.
Subsequently it came to the Reverend John Gregory in 1647, then passed to his brother David, a doctor who has been claimed to be constructor of the first barometer.
David's success in forecasting the weather with the help of the barometer led to his being accused, but not convicted, of witchcraft.
The property was sold by his third son to Thomas Donaldson, a merchant from Elgin, who restored and re-roofed the castle during the eighteenth century, transforming it into a country house.
The property returned to the Innes family in 1923, and they began restoration then.
The entrance was originally on the first floor, being accessed by a removable wooden bridge from the parapet wall.
There is a straight stair to the basement, which is vaulted.
A late 16th-century two-storey hall range lies to the east; it was altered in 1857.
In the hall there is an oak-panelled aumbry.
The carvings on it, which are particularly fine, show the heads of Sir Alexander Innes and his wife Christian Dunbar, and the date 1493.
Sir Alexander seems to have got into financial difficulties because of his taste for fine Flanders panelling.
Thomas Innes of Learney, Lord Lyon King of Arms, introduced some of the heraldic decoration in the house, which he owned after the Second World War.
There is a courtyard to south and east formed by outbuildings and curtain walls; to the north and west there are steep banks.
It is a category A listed building.
Rochester Covered Bridge is a covered bridge in Douglas County in the U.S. state of Oregon.
Built by Floyd Frear in 1933, it carries Rochester Road over Calapooya Creek about  west of Sutherlin.
The bridge design, which Historic Highway Bridges of Oregon calls "unique among Oregon's housed structures", includes side windows with curved tops.
The bridge has four windows on each side, portals with flat arched openings, and exposed false beams at the gable ends.
According to the Oregon Department of Transportation, after county workers burned down another covered bridge in the vicinity in the late 1950s, a group of armed local residents guarded the Rochester Bridge one night to protect it from the same fate.
The next day, county commissioners told the residents that the bridge would not be burned.
In 1969, the county remodeled the bridge by replacing portal boarding, approaches, and abutments.
Oregon's Covered Bridges includes a photograph of an earlier bridge here "at the end of its useful life".
The photo caption says that the age of construction of the earlier bridge is not known but that some records show a covered bridge at this site as early as 1862.
Walker Thomas (born August 13, 1963) is an American politician who has served in the Kentucky House of Representatives from the 8th district since 2017.
Vides is a surname.
Ian Anthony Eastwood (born April 16, 1993) is an actor, dancer, choreographer, director and previous member of the dance group, Mos Wanted Crew, featured on America's Best Dance Crew.
He was featured on NBC's new TV show World of Dance as Ian Eastwood and the Young Lions.
He has also worked with The Millennium Dance Complex, Coastal Dance Rage, and Movement Lifestyle.
He appeared on Dance Showdown and Return of the Superstars.
He is the son of Peter and Julia Eastwood.
He started dancing at the age of 10 years old and later moved to Hollywood after graduating high school to pursue a career in dance.
Warhammer: Mark of Chaos is a real-time tactics game set in the Warhammer universe.
It was developed by Black Hole Entertainment and co-published by Namco Bandai Games in the US and Deep Silver in PAL territories.
The game was released for Microsoft Windows in the US on November 14, 2006, with subsequent release in PAL territories on November 23, 2006.
An expansion, Battle March, was released on September 2, 2008.
It contains one new campaign and the addition of Dark Elves and Orcs & Goblins as playable races.
An Xbox 360 version was released and titled as Warhammer: Battle March, dropping the Mark of Chaos moniker.
Set in the Warhammer Old World, the player can command one of 4 armies from the tabletop game.
The gameplay is primarily focused on battlefield tactics, thus not featuring RTS gameplay aspects like base-building, resource harvesting or in-battle unit production.
Instead, the gameplay is intended to be focused on high fantasy/late medieval battles.
Its gameplay is superficially similar to its predecessors and the Total War games; however, the basic game play model is significantly more simplified, and battles are more similar to real-time strategy games like Warcraft III than other real-time tactics titles.
The objective for each battle is defeat of the enemy army by either completely destroying it or causing the remaining units to flee off the battlefield.
Battles are fought on a variety of landscapes and settings, with specific terrain types granting bonuses or penalties to units.
Units also have morale, and will break and flee if they suffer enough damage or get hit by specific types of weaponry, and stamina, which will cause them to lose defense and speed when sufficiently drained.
The troops present in the game are presented as "units", which is anything from 1 to 96 individual "models", with the specific number depending on the type of unit.
The control system is similar to the Total War and Dawn of War in that orders are issued to units in their entirety, as opposed to being issued to individuals.
As well as standard orders you are also able to arrange your units into a number of formations, with each formation conferring advantages against specific kinds of attacks.
Units will also gain experience over the course of a battle or campaign and will gain improved statistics and more models.
In addition to standard units there are special "Hero" units; unique individuals considerably more powerful than the average combatant.
In addition to being able to use and learn new abilities, they can also be equipped with additional weapons, armour or potions that grant the hero with both offensive and defensive skills and bonuses.
Heroes also gain experience from fighting, and by gaining levels the player is able to unlock various skills that supplement its combat abilities.
Unlike units which consist of multiple models, Heroes are controlled individually.
However they can be attached to standard units, fighting alongside the unit's models, giving the unit a morale boost and increasing its fighting capability through the use of skills.
Hero units can also initiate or be challenged to duels, where they fight the opposing army's hero uninterrupted until one slays the other, resulting in a morale penalty for the losing side.
The duel is for the most part out of the player's control, however the player is also free to activate any duel-specific skills the hero has during the course of the duel, to affect its outcome.
The majority of the single campaign is a number of different battle scenarios, in which your pre-selected force will combat a number of enemy forces.
Winning the scenario will award the player gold.
Between battles the game switches to a map of the area, with the location of their army denoted by a figure of their champion.
The player is then able to select his or her army and move to another location.
This will bring up a force selection screen, and the player will then have to select a limited number of troops and heroes to play the next scenario with.
Although the campaign is for the most part linear, there are also optional side quests, which although mostly unrelated to the main story will usually result in the heroes acquiring additional gold, troops or equipment that can be used in the campaign.
As well as traditional large scale battles there are also Duel scenarios in which a hero character of your choice will enter straight into a duel with an enemy champion, with victory of either champion immediately ending the scenario.
On the map the player can also access towns and encampments, which serve as the replacement for bases found in other strategy and tactic games.
The player can use the gold acquired in previous battles to purchase replacements, new or improved units, upgrades such as better armour or attack power for their existing units and also wargear and items for their hero units.
Conversations between characters will also occur at certain points on the map, advancing the story.
In addition to the campaign, the multiplayer modes can also be played as single player skirmish battles.
Multiplayer battles are played in much the same way as the single player.
The game includes four different game modes, including normal battles, siege battles where one team has to defend a stronghold from the opposing army, and a reinforcements mode, where capturing strategic points on the map awards points that enable players to buy new units during the battle.
Prior to the battle, each player has a certain number of points with which to select an army, which is chosen by the host of the game prior to army selection.
The points can be used in a variety of different ways, either buying new units, upgrading units or buying additional equipment or skills for your hero units.
This enables a player to outfit an army in a variety of styles suitable for their playing style.
Although the player is free to choose any configuration, there are also examples of army configurations for each of the 12 factions featured in game.
In a tribute to the tabletop game, players are also able to customise their army's colours and banners.
In addition, there is also a comprehensive model editor where players can change the look of individual models using a variety of heads, limbs, armour and weaponry sets.
These army configurations can then be saved for use later.
In the aftermath of the war, the chaos warbands scattered, some returning to their homelands in the north, some staying and raiding the farms and villages in the northern fringes of the Empire.
The Empire, already pushed to the brink of collapse as a result of the war, is undermanned and struggles to protect the isolated farms and villages.
If the tribes of chaos were once again to reunite, the Empire would most likely fall.
The game has 2 campaigns that follow the story from both the Empire and Chaos perspectives, with each campaign having a different progression of events.
All the races are visually distinctive, and have their own unique units, although there is a lot of crossover between factions and each type of unit will usually have an equivalent unit in another race.
Within each race there are also 3 different factions, which are available to be used in multiplayer games.
However beyond cosmetic differences, and the selection of troops there is minimal difference between the 3 factions.
The Empire is a vast human empire which resembles early modern times(16th century) Germany in its looks and organisation.
Their forces are primarily human soldiers of various specialties.
In addition they are, along with the Dwarves, one of the few races who have developed black powder weaponry, and have access to handguns, cannons, and other gunpowder based siege weapons.
The 3 playable factions are the Ostermark, Nuln and Talabecland armies.
The High Elves are an ancient and elegant race.
In addition to their normal ranks of elven spearmen and archers, they have a considerable number of elite troops, and an above average number of magical specialists.
The 3 playable factions are the Ellyrian, Shadowlands and Saphery kingdoms.
The Hordes of Chaos are Humans from the Northlands, corrupted by the gods of Chaos by their ambition, lust or the other base instincts and emotions of humanity.
In addition to human warriors and Marauders they also have access to supernatural creatures such as Daemons and Spawns of Chaos.
The 3 playable factions are the cults of the chaos gods Nurgle, Khorne and the pantheon Chaos Undivided.
The Skaven are a race of subterranean man sized rats.
Though as individuals they are weaker than members of the other races, they compensate through vastly superior numbers.
In addition they utilise a mineral called warpstone to mutate members of their race to create giant rats and rat ogres.
The 3 playable factions are the Eshin, Skryre and Warlord clans.
In addition to the four playable races there are also additional races that serve as both additional enemies in the single player campaigns and also as mercenary "Dogs of War" units available at certain points in the single player campaign, and also as additional choices in multiplayer games.
The available mercenary races are Greenskins and Dwarves.
The Vampire Counts are also present in the single player campaign, however are not available to be used by the player.
Now he is looking to build his forces to launch another attack on The Empire.
During this time he is guided by a sorcerer by the name of Sudobaal, who instructs Thorgar to lead his men to a Chaos shrine.
After enduring a series of trials Thorgar obtains the favour and patronage of one of the chaos pantheon; either Nurgle or Khorne, depending on the player's choice.
Sudobaal then instructs Thorgar to locate an elven mage who knows the location of the body of the defeated Chaos warlord Asavar Kul.
During this time he allies with Kasquit, a skaven warlock engineer of clan Skryre.
Having angered the skaven council, Kasquit quickly accepts the alliance in order to receive Thorgar's protection, and agrees to help Thorgar locate the mage.
The campaign concludes with Thorgar killing Sudobaal for turning on him and his elevation to daemonhood, and the subsequent destruction of the city of Talabheim.
Roaring his victory to the gods and claiming he can't be defeated.
In the distance a huge greenskin army is preparing to launch its own attack against the Old World, this possibly heralding the game's expansion: Battle March.
He is plagued by his sad past – his father, the former Count of Ostermark and grandfather were killed for Chaos worship, deprived of their lands, and the child Stefan was branded across his eye with the mark of chaos.
The campaign starts with an adult Stefan fending off an attack by chaos marauders.
The battle is won and Gruber, Stefan and the other captains hold a council of war.
Stefan heads north towards a fortress and engages in several battles with Chaos and Orc forces along the way.
He takes the fortress, though he damages it in the process.
After a heated exchange between himself and Gruber, he is sent to help the elves after the Reiksmarshal brings "requests" from the Emperor.
It's at this point we meet Aurelion, an Archmage of Saphery.
Stefan sets camp while the elves go to gather their forces who are arriving by sea.
The elves depart and  Aurelion finds her people have been scattered.
She gathers them and after fighting Chaos and Skaven forces they arrive at a fortress soon to be assaulted.
The story switches back to Stefan who makes his way to the fortress to relieve Aurelion and the other defenders.
After the battle Stefan and Aurelion speak with Prince Khalanos who wants Stefan to go north with him to counter the advance of Chaos while Stefan's orders are to head east to deal with a gathering.
In the end they go their separate ways and Stefan, after helping Brother Gunther (a warrior priest of Sigmar defending a shrine from the Skaven), learns that Count Otto Gruber (whose army could not be found) was guilty of worshiping Nurgle, the Chaos god of the rot.
Stefan is outraged for it was Gruber who accused his father and grandfather taking their lands for his own and in fact, accusing them to cover his own misdeeds.
Stefan retrieves a Daemon slayer's sword from the tomb of a vampire count and heads east to deal with Gruber.
He is stopped, however, by plague clouds, and he is forced to pull back.
Meanwhile, Aurelion and her warriors decide to find out more about the clouds.
They locate and destroy a shrine dedicated to Nurgle, allowing Stefan to make for Gruber's fortress.
Stefan arrives to find a massacre: Gruber's army has been slaughtered after they had discovered his treachery.
Stefan attacks and destroys Gruber's defenses and mortally wounds Gruber.
By right of deed and ancestry, Stefan claims Gruber's sword, a Runefang and symbol of an Elector Count of the Empire.
The Reiksmarshal returns and informs Stefan that the Emperor has restored him the lands taken by Gruber and named him the new Count of Ostermark.
Stefan then must face Thorgar the Bloodied One, a Chaos Champion that has ascended to Daemonhood, in the Campaign's final chapter.
Two different styles of box art were released, one depicting an Empire Warrior Priest and the other depicting a Chaos Champion.
At the same time, a Collector's Edition was released, containing the official soundtrack on audio CD, the official novelization written by Anthony Reynolds, an art book, posters and several Warhammer themed ornaments.
The entire soundtrack is included in Audio CD format in the Collectors Edition box set.
The CD is not sold separately, however it is available for download direct from Soule's website.
Reviewers generally praised its distinctive and varied visuals, with the character models and the special effects earning high praise from the majority of reviews, but also criticised the rather basic combat animations and a shallowness of tactical depth for a game focusing purely on battlefield operations.
The single player campaigns received criticism for its linearity, and the storytelling  especially when compared to the game's opening cinematic.
The multiplayer support was also disparaged for its temperamental and glitch-prone account system and connection issues, although this was addressed and partly fixed in subsequent patches.
Despite the criticisms received however, the game was received positively overall, obtaining an average score of 73 at Metacritic, and similarly an average score of 74% at GameRankings with over 80% of reviews scoring 70% or better.
Before release, Warhammer: Mark of Chaos was claimed to feature "dynamic cooperative campaign mode and a full assortment of multiplayer modes for both casual and competitive gamers".
However, the cooperative campaign was omitted from the released game, even though still marketed as featuring this (the developer's homepage still listed it as a feature as of July 2007).
Mark of Chaos was marketed as of "epic" scale, with "thousands of characters battling on screen"; in reality, the game features hundreds rather than thousands of individual characters.
Namco, the publisher, targeted the substantial tabletop game fan base by naming Mark of Chaos a faithful translation to computer game format, however, core elements of the tabletop game (e.g., formation movement rules, combat resolution systems, and unit overlap prohibitions) are missing, invalidating tabletop tactics.
Further common sources of criticism in reviews, discussion and technical support are that the game suffers from numerous bugs, instability and prohibitively long load screens: "the standard loading screen is preceded by its own loading screen, for meta-loading''", as Game-Revolution put it in their review.
Also, the hero duels, one of the more distinctive features of the game, are often singled out as dull, repetitive or distracting.
Duals is a compilation album by the Irish rock band U2.
It was released in April 2011 to u2.com subscribers.
"The Wanderer" taken from the Zooropa album, 1993.
"Falling at Your Feet" taken from The Million Dollar Hotel soundtrack, 2000.
"Miss Sarajevo" taken from Passengers: Original Soundtracks 1, 1995.
"Slow Dancing" was a B-side to "If God Will Send His Angels" single, 1997.
"The Saints are Coming" taken from the U218 Singles compilation, 2006.
"Sunday Bloody Sunday (Live from Auckland)" recorded at Mt.
Mount Stadium on 25 November 2010.
"One" taken from Mary J Blige The Breakthrough album, 2006.
"When Love Comes To Town" taken from Rattle and Hum album, 1988.
"Stuck in a Moment You Can't Get Out Of (Live at the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame)" recorded at the 25th Anniversary Rock & Roll Hall of Fame concert at Madison Square Garden, 30 October 2009.
"The Ballad of Ronnie Drew" was released as a single in 2008.
"I'm Not Your Baby" taken from The End of Violence soundtrack, 1997.
"Stranded (Haiti Mon Amour) (Hybrid Mix)" was written for Hope for Haiti Now album (2010).
"Drunk Chicken / America" taken from the remastered The Joshua Tree album, 2007.
The Broye  () is a 68 km long river, in the cantons of Fribourg and Vaud, in Switzerland.
It has a watershed area of 850 km².
It flows first south-west along the Frigourgois/Vaudois Prealps and turns north after 10 km.
The direction of the river changes again near Moudon to the north-east.
From Payerne, the Broye is running in a large and agricultural valley.
John Kaminiates (, fl.
tenth century) was a Greek resident of Thessalonica when the city, then one of the largest in the Byzantine Empire, was besieged and sacked by a Saracen force led by Leo of Tripoli in 904.
His account of the city's plunder, On the capture of Thessalonica, (Εις την άλωσιν της Θεσσαλονίκης, Eis tēn alōsin tēs Thessalonikēs) survives in four manuscripts; though of these, none were written before the fourteenth century, causing some concern over the text's authenticity.
Byzantina Australiensia, 12.
Perth: Australian Association for Byzantine Studies, 2000. .
Kazhdan, Alexander Some Questions Addressed to the Scholars, who Believe in the Authenticity of Kaminiates’ Capture of Thessalonika Byzantinische Zeitschrift 71.
1978. p. 301-314.
ISSN 0007-7704.
Corpus Fontium Historiae Byzantinae.
Berlin: De Gruyter, 1973.
Dickson Greeting is an 1891 American short silent film.
Directed, produced by, and starring motion-picture pioneer William K. L. Dickson, it displays a 3-second clip of him passing a hat in front of himself, and reaching for it with his other hand.
It was filmed on May 20, 1891 in the Photographic Building at Edison's Black Maria studio, West Orange, New Jersey, in collaboration with Thomas Edison using his kinetograph.
The film was played for viewers at the National Federation of Women's Clubs, one of the first public presentations of a motion picture.
Jamestowne Society is an organization founded in 1936 by George Craghead Gregory for descendants of stockholders in the Virginia Company of London and the descendants of those who owned land or who had domiciles in Jamestown or on Jamestown Island prior to the year 1700.
It was founded by the London branch of the Virginia Company, which was competing with the Plymouth branch to settle the Colony of Virginia.
Jamestown was the capital of the Colony for 83 years, from 1616 until 1698.
At that time, the capital was relocated to Middle Plantation, about  distant.
(That small community, which had also become home to the new College of William and Mary in 1693, was renamed Williamsburg in 1699).
In 1932, he was working at property owned by Preservation Virginia (formerly known as the Association for the Preservation of Virginia Antiquities) on Jamestown Island and discovered the foundation of the first brick statehouse (capitol) building circa 1646.
Since its founding, the Society has helped with genealogical records and expanded into dozens of branches, called "Companies."
(In the Jamestowne Society, "Companies" are similar to chapters in most lineage societies).
Membership in Companies is elective, while membership in the national Society is acquired at the time a member joins.
In 1958, the Society was formally organized as a non-profit corporation under section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code (1954, as amended).
It frequently holds meetings and events.
Uncompressed video is digital video that either has never been compressed or was generated by decompressing previously compressed digital video.
It is commonly used by video cameras, video monitors, video recording devices (including general purpose computers), and in video processors that perform functions such as image resizing, image rotation, deinterlacing, and text and graphics overlay.
It is conveyed over various types of baseband digital video interfaces, such as HDMI, DVI, DisplayPort and SDI.
Standards also exist for carriage of uncompressed video over computer networks.
Some HD video cameras output uncompressed video, whereas others compress the video using a lossy compression method such as MPEG or H.264.
In any lossy compression process, some of the video information is removed, which creates compression artifacts and reduces the quality of the resulting decompressed video.
When editing video, it is preferred to work with video that has never been compressed (or was losslessly compressed) as this maintains the best possible quality, with compression performed after completion of editing.
These devices typically have a video output which can be used to monitor or playback recorded video.
When playing back compressed video, the compressed video is uncompressed by the device before being output.
Such devices may also have a communication interface, such as Ethernet or USB, which can used to exchange video files with an external computer, and in some cases control the recorder from an external computer as well.
Recording to a computer is a relatively inexpensive alternative to implementing a digital video recorder, but the computer and its video storage device (e.g., solid-state drive, RAID) must be fast enough to keep up with the high video data rate, which in some cases may be HD video or multiple video sources, or both.
Due to the extreme computational and storage system performance demands of real-time video processing, other unnecessary program activity (e.g., background processes, virus scanners) and asynchronous hardware interfaces (e.g., computer networks) may be disabled, and the process priority of the recording realtime process may be increased, to avoid disruption of the recording process.
HDMI, DVI and HD-SDI inputs are available as PCI Express (partly multi-channel) or ExpressCard, USB 3.0 and Thunderbolt interface also for 2160p (4K resolution).
Software for recording uncompressed video is often supplied with suitable hardware or available for free e.g.
Ingex.
SMPTE 2022 includes provisions for both compressed and uncompressed video formats.
SMPTE 2110 carries uncompressed video, audio and ancillary data as separate streams.
Wireless interfaces such as Wireless LAN (WLAN, Wi-Fi), WiDi, and Wireless Home Digital Interface can be used to transmit uncompressed standard definition (SD) video but not HD video because the HD bit rates would exceed the network bandwidth.
HD can be transmitted using higher speed interfaces such as WirelessHD and WiGig.
In all cases, when video is conveyed over a network, communication disruptions or diminished bandwidth can corrupt the video or prevent its transmission.
In the geologic timescale, the Capitanian is an age or stage of the Permian.
It is also the uppermost or latest of three subdivisions of the Guadalupian epoch or series.
The Capitanian lasted between  and  million years ago.
It was preceded by the Wordian and followed by the Wuchiapingian.
A significant mass extinction event (the End-Capitanian extinction event) occurred at the end of this stage, which was associated with anoxia and acidification in the oceans and possibly caused by the volcanic eruptions that produced the Emeishan Traps.
This extinction event may be related to the much larger Permian–Triassic extinction event that followed about 10 million years later.
The name comes from the Capitan Reef in the Guadalupe Mountains (Texas, United States).
The Capitanian was first used as a stratigraphic subdivision of the Guadalupian in 1961, when both names were still only used regionally in the southern US.
The stage was added to the internationally used ICS timescale in 2001.
The global reference profile for this stratigraphic boundary is located at Nipple Hill in the southern Guadalupe Mountains of Texas.
The top of the Capitanian (the base of the Wuchiapingian and Lopingian series) is defined as the place in the stratigraphic record where the conodont species Clarkina postbitteri postbitteri first appears.
The Capitanian stage was part of the time in which the Zechstein was deposited in Europe.
It is coeval with the old European regional Saxonian stage.
In the eastern Tethys domain, the Capitanian overlaps the regional Murgabian stage, the Midian stage and the lower part of the Laibinian stage.
In Russia the Capitanian equals the lower part of the regional Severodvinian stage.
Global diversity rose dramatically in the Capitanian, probably the result of disaster taxa filling empty guilds, only to fall again when the end-Guadalupian event caused a diversity drop in the Wuchiapingian.
The change in carbon isotopes in the sea water reflects cooling of global climates.
This climatic cooling may have caused the end-Capitanian extinction event among species that lived in warm water, like larger fusulinids (Verbeekninidae), large bivalves (Alatoconchidae) and rugose corals, and Waagenophyllidae.
Category:Permian geology of Texas
Alejandro González Alcocer (born April 24, 1951) is a Mexican politician and lawyer, belonging to the National Action Party (PAN).
After Alcocer studied law at Universidad Nacional Autónoma de México (UNAM), he began his career in companies in the private sector, and later entered politics, where he served as Secretario del Ayuntamiento of Tijuana, and later as a federal deputy (diputado federal) in the 56th Federal Legislature.
González Alcocer is the son of Manuel González Hinojosa, national head of the PAN  in the 1960s and 70s.
On October 7, 1998, he was named Substitute Governor of Baja California upon the death of governor Héctor Terán Terán.
He was elected to the Senate, representing Baja California, for the period between 2006–2012.
Serratiopeptidase (Serratia E-15 protease, also known as serralysin, serrapeptase, serratiapeptase, serratia peptidase, serratio peptidase, or serrapeptidase), is a proteolytic enzyme (protease) produced by non-pathogenic  enterobacterium Serratia sp.
E-15, now known as Serratia marcescens ATCC 21074.
This microorganism was originally isolated in the late 1960s from silkworm  Bombyx mori L. (intestine),  Serratiopeptidase is present in the silkworm intestine and allows the emerging moth to dissolve its cocoon.
Serratiopeptase is produced by purification from culture of Serratia E-15 bacteria.
It is a member of the Peptitase M10B (Matrixin) family.
Online medical journal Bandolier (specializing in evidence-based thinking about healthcare) published an article (in about 2001) in response to a reader's enquiry about serratiopeptidase.
After searching PubMed and the Cochrane Library "to see if there are any randomised, controlled trials", the article stated that the "evidence on serratiopeptidase being effective for anything is not based on a firm foundation of clinical trials."
The search found 34 publications in the medical databases covered, that addressed the efficacy of serratiopeptidase, of which several were found to be animal experiments, personal letters, uncontrolled trials or those with inadequate or nonexistent randomisation.
The article warned against ignoring safety issues with use of biological agents.
No studies were found to have been conducted on the efficacy of serratiopeptidase as treatment for back pain, heart attack, stroke, or asthma.
Of the 10 medical conditions with randomized-evidence studies on file in connection with serratiopeptidase, the quality or construction of the trial studies was described as "generally poor".
Blinded experiments comparing the effects of the drug Danzen, which debuted in 1968, and placebos showed no significant differences between the two, the major drugmaker said.
Sales of the product, generically called serrapeptase, totaled ¥6.7 billion in fiscal 2009, but the impact of the recall will likely be limited because similar drugs are being sold on the market, it said."
.
In a case report it was seen that serratiopeptidase may cause lysis of fibrin wall around an abscess and cause its local spread.
So its use sometimes could be harmful in treating abscess.
Augustus Edwin Mulready (23 Feb 1844 – 15 March 1904) was an English genre painter whose work often depicted London street scenes with urchins and flower-sellers.
His grandfather, William Mulready (1786–1863), came to London from Ireland and established himself as a very successful and popular genre painter and book illustrator.
His grandmother Elizabeth Mulready, née Varley (1784–1864) was a landscape painter, and the sister of artist John Varley (1778–1842).
Mulready was born in Kensal Green, London, the third of five children of William Mulready Junior (1805–1878,  portrait painter and picture restorer), and his wife Sara (1818–1874).
He studied art at the South Kensington Schools and as early as 1861, at the age of 17, was already promoting himself as a figure artist.
In the same year he entered the Royal Academy, London on the recommendation of John Callcott Horsley who took him under his patronage.
He exhibited, however, at the Royal Academy between 1863 and 1880, at the Hanover Gallery, and the art galleries of Liverpool and Southport, and his paintings were sold at Christie's.
In 1879, 'A Naturalist's Window' shown at Walker Art Gallery in Liverpool was praised by a local critic as representing "a group of persons in various stations of lfe, including an African nurse girl, looking at a stuffed gorilla in a naturalist shop.
It is a remarkable production and does great credit to Mr A E Mulready.".
His artistic manner  - figurative painting with extensive use of colours and attention to detail - was similar to that of his father and grandfather.
From 1870, Mulready was associated with the Cranbrook Colony of artists, living, from 1871, at Waterloo Place, next door to F D Hardy.
He returned to London in 1874.
Being much younger than other members of the colony, he had little in common with them, and his art reflected on social issues of the day, particularly on the poverty experienced by children their struggle with adult problems - no over-sentimental rural or domestic scenes by him are known.
He often depicted London street scenes with urchins and poor flower-sellers, such as 'A Day's Reckoning' and 'Sounds of Revelry', shown in 1886 at the Hanover Gallery, and 'A Flower Girl in a Red Shawl' and 'A Newspaper Boy Selling Papers' displayed at Walker's Gallery in Liverpool in 1887.
A large-scale painting "Homeless by Night" was exhibited in 1892 at the Atkinson Art Gallery, Southport, and described as a large painful picture, shows a number of gutter children of both sexes, preparing to sleep under one of the Landseer's lions in Trafalgar Square."
A special feature of his paintings is the inclusion of street posters in the background, the text of which creates additional social and political context for the depicted scene.
In this sense, his artworks correspond with problems raised by social activists of the era.
Charles Dickens novels also influenced Mulready's paintings, such as “Hard Times” (1877, private collection).
He was even described as 'a sentimental social realist'.
Mulready also occasionally experimented with landscape painting: In 1880, at Christie's, three of his small landscapes were sold - The Backward Course: A Sunny Day, A Rainy Afternoon and A Wintry AveLittle is known about Mulready's private life.
According to the England and Wales marriage index, Mulready married Maria in 1874 - the couple had two children: Claude Augustus, born in 1875 and Eleanor Julia, born in 1877.
Exhibition at The Vestry Hall, Cranbrook.
June 29-July 11, 1981 (catalogue).
Cowling, Mary.
Victorian figurative painting: domestic life and the contemporary social scene'' (Papadakis, 2000) p167.
Füzérradvány is a village in Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén county, Hungary.
Justus van Effen (21 February 1684 – 18 September 1735) was a Dutch author, who wrote chiefly in French but also made crucial contributions to Dutch literature.
A journalist, he imitated The Spectator with the publication of the Dutch-language Hollandsche Spectator.
He gained international fame as a writer of French periodicals and a translator from English into French, and he is also recognized as one of the most important Dutch language writers of the 18th century and an influential figure of the Dutch Enlightenment.
Justus van Effen planned a scholarly career, and around 1699 he began his studies at the University of Utrecht, but after the early death of his father (on 6 May 1706) he was forced to become a private tutor, taking responsibilities for his mother and sister.
He had made acquaintances among French émigrés, in connection with whom he began literary life in 1713 by editing a French journal.
From 1715 to 1727 he was a secretary at the Netherlands embassy in London, where he also became a member of the Royal Society, and later, served as a clerk in the Dutch government warehouses (1732).
What gained him fame, however, were his literary and journalistic endeavours.
A translator from English to French, he translated Swift's "Tale of a Tub" into Dutch and Defoe's Robinson Crusoe, and is credited with a significant influence in the bringing of English literature to continental Europe.
An enthusiast for English periodicals, and in particular, The Spectator of Joseph Addison and Richard Steele, soon after first issues of The Spectator he launched Le Misanthrope (1711–1712) (a widely read journal referred to as "the first moralist periodical on the continent"), Le Bagatelle (1718–1719), Le Spectateur Français  (1725) and then in his native language, the Hollandsche Spectator (1731–1735).
The Hollandsche Spectator was one of the most notable papers inspired by The Spectator.
Its topics consisted of everything a coffeehouse audience would be interested in: politics, religion and morality, fashion, and humor.
Socially conservative, written in a pleasing tone and style, it raised important issues, questioning the reasons behind the waning position of the Dutch Republic on the international scene, and served as literary and moral guide for the bourgeoisie.
The Hollandsche Spectator is considered one of the achievements of the late 18th century Dutch literature, and an inspiration to much Dutch journalism and literature.
Van Effen died in 's-Hertogenbosch, aged 51.
Leven en Werk.
(Utrecht: HES, 1992).
W.J.B.
The Sungod Recreation Centre is a recreation centre located in Delta, British Columbia.
The facility contains 4 pools, a swirl pool, a sauna, a steam room, a weight room, an aerobic studio, and an ice rink.
It also hosts swimming lessons including kids, teens, and lifeguard courses.
Strantrol automated pool chemistry monitoring and adjustment.
Gas chlorine delivery system.
3 m and 1 m springboards.
Ividella abbotti is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.
Calotarsa is a genus of flat-footed flies (insects in the family Platypezidae).
There are about six described species in Calotarsa.
Gottfrid Lindgren (13 September 1892 – 18 December 1975) was a Swedish wrestler.
He competed in the freestyle middleweight event at the 1920 Summer Olympics.
The Better Woman is a 2019 Philippine drama television series broadcast by GMA Network.
It premiered on the network's Telebabad line up and worldwide on GMA Pinoy TV on July 1, 2019, replacing Kara Mia in Sahaya's timeslot.
Originally it was supposed to replace Kara Mia in its timeslot, but due to its mature theme, it was bumped off to the 2nd slot, moving Sahaya to the 1st slot.
The Supreme Court of Tasmania is the highest State court in the Australian State of Tasmania.
In the Australian court hierarchy, the Supreme Court of Tasmania is in the middle level, with both an appellate jurisdiction over lower courts, and decisions made by Court to be heard on appeal by the High Court of Australia.
The ordinary sittings of the Court occur in Hobart, Launceston and Burnie in Tasmania.
The Court's Appeal division sits only in Hobart.
The supreme courts of Tasmania and New South Wales were initiated through the New South Wales Act 1823, and this gave those courts jurisdiction over New Zealand.
Sir John Pedder, after whom Lake Pedder is named, was the first Chief Justice of the court.
The first counsel to appear before the Court was Joseph Tice Gellibrand, who was appointed Tasmania's first Attorney-General, and took his oaths on the first day of the new Court.
The first case before the Court was the trial of William Tibbs, who was found guilty and sentenced for manslaughter, receiving 3 years transportation.
It is around the middle of the Australian court hierarchy.
The Supreme Court consists of a Trial Division (also known as Original Jurisdiction) and an Appeal Division (or Appellate Jurisdiction).
When sitting in its appellate jurisdiction in civil matters it is the "Full Court"; for criminal matters it is the "Tasmanian Court of Criminal Appeal".
Appeals from the Appeal Division of the Court are to the High Court of Australia.
It was previously possible to appeal decisions of the Court of Appeal or the Court of Criminal Appeal (both parts of the Appeal Division) to the British Privy Council, but this ceased in 1986 when the Parliament of Australia passed the Australia Act 1986, which barred all such appeals to the Privy Council from Australian courts.
Civil matters involving consent orders, or for disputes involving less than $50,000, are dealt with by the Magistrates Court except in exceptional circumstances.
The Court receives appeals from Magistrate Courts in Tasmania in both criminal and civil matters.
Committal proceedings, which are used in criminal matters to establish whether there is sufficient evidence against an accused person to warrant the time and expense of a trial, were abolished in Tasmania in 2000 with the amendment of the Justices Act 1959 (Tas).
The Justices Act 1959'' now provides that where there has been a plea of not guilty by an accused, there must be an order committing them for trial in the Supreme Court.
Unlike some other Australian states, Tasmania does not have an intermediate court division between the Supreme Court and the Magistrates Courts (such as a "District Court" or a "County Court").
Mucenieks (Old orthography: Mutzeneek; feminine: Muceniece) is a Latvian occupational surname, derived from the Latvian word for "cooper".
The Nokia E7-00, also known as Nokia E7, is a business-oriented QWERTY smartphone by Nokia from the Nokia Eseries.
It was announced at Nokia World in September 2010 together with the Nokia C6-01 and Nokia C7 and started shipping in February 2011.
It is the second phone after the Nokia N8 to be running the Symbian^3 operating system.
When compared with the Nokia N8, it has fixed mass storage of 16GB without a memory card slot, no FM transmitter and a less advanced camera, with Extended Depth of Field, instead of autofocus as in the N8 and the E90.
Like the Nokia N8, it comes with an HDMI-out connector and a non-user-replaceable battery that is smaller than the E90's.
It has the same keyboard spring mechanism as the Nokia N97 mini, but has like the N8 an anodized aluminium casing.
All this is different from the bulkier and heavier E90.
Compared to the Nokia N97 mini and E90, the E7-00 has a multitouch capacitive touchscreen.
Unlike the N8, N97 mini, and the E90, the E7-00 has an Active-matrix OLED (AMOLED) ClearBlack technology with a slightly lower resolution than the E90.
Vlasta Berka, general manager of Nokia Singapore, Malaysia and Brunei, talked about the trend of users who are using their smartphones for business.
Being one of Nokia's first phone designs without a dedicated connector for charging, the USB connector in the E7 is also used for charging, and is a common point of failure.
Matthew Simson (born 28 May 1970) is a male British former shot putter.
He was the gold medallist in the event at the 1994 Commonwealth Games, which he won with his career best throw of .
Simson was a bronze medallist at the European Athletics Junior Championships in 1989 and won the silver at the 1991 Summer Universiade.
At senior level he represented Great Britain at the 1997 IAAF World Indoor Championships and the 1989 European Athletics Indoor Championships.
He studied at the University of Florida and competed for the Florida Gators while there.
He won the junior (under-15s) category at the 1984 English Schools Championships, was the intermediate (under-17s) champion in 1986, then succeeded Simon Williams to the under-19s English Schools' title in 1987.
He established himself as the top young shot putter of his generation, winning four straight titles at the AAA Junior Championships and three straight AAA Junior Indoor titles.
He set national indoor age bests for 16-year-olds in 1987 and 17-year-olds in 1988.
In international competition he placed seventh at the 1987 European Athletics Junior Championships before improving to take the bronze medal at the 1989 edition.
He was fifth in the shot put at the 1988 World Junior Championships in Athletics.
Growing to a height of , Simson established himself at senior level in the 1989 season.
That year he was the winner at the AAA Indoor Championships with a throw of .
He was also runner-up to Paul Edwards at the UK Athletics Championships and second to Simon Williams at the AAA Championships.
He also made his senior international debut, competing at the 1989 European Athletics Indoor Championships where he came in eleventh place.
He improved his personal best to  in 1990.
He began studying in the United States at the University of Florida and competed athletically for their Florida Gators team.
He placed third at the NCAA Men's Indoor Track and Field Championship in 1991, throwing a best of .
He achieved a new best of  in Tallahassee in May and placed in the top five at the Bislett Games and Athletissima meet in Europe that summer.
He was over nineteen metres again at the 1991 Summer Universiade held in Sheffield and was the silver medallist behind Soviet Union's Aleksandr Klimenko.
He was second to Paul Edwards at both the AAA and UK Championships that year.
He missed most of the 1992 season, bar a pair of third-place finishes at the AAA Championships and the 1992 European Athletics U23 Cup.
He returned in 1993, starting with a fifth-place finish at the NCAA Indoor meet.
His best throw that year was  at the Bislett Games in Norway.
He resumed his position as runner-up behind Edwards at the UK Championships but managed to defeat his national rival at the AAA Championships, taking his first senior title at the event.
The 1994 season marked the peak of Simson's career.
He won the Southeastern Conference Championship title for the Florida Gators before being selected to represent England at the 1994 Commonwealth Games.
At the games in Victoria, Canada, he excelled with a throw of  in the final – a career best.
This meant he edged Courtney Ireland into second to win the gold medal.
He completed his final year of college in Florida in 1995, with a highlight including a win at the Florida Relays.
Simson was the top Briton at the 1996 British Grand Prix, placing third overall with a season's best of .
He claimed the second AAA title of his career by beating Shaun Pickering by a margin of 19 cm.
He also placed fourth at the London Grand Prix that year.
In 1997 his best efforts came indoors.
After an indoor career best of  in Florida, he won the UK trials to qualify for the 1997 IAAF World Indoor Championships.
He failed to follow up on his Commonwealth success, however, and was eliminated in the qualifying rounds of the global tournament.
Outdoors he was runner-up at the UK Championships to Shaun Pickering – the contest marked the first time two athletes had thrown over nineteen metres at the competition.
This proved to be his last major outing at national level and he retired from professional athletics in 1998.
Malpas is an electoral district (ward) and coterminous community (parish) of the city of Newport, South Wales.
The area is governed by the Newport City Council.
Earlier examples of the name include the definite article 'Le' and even an odd Welsh definite article 'Y' i.e.
Le Malpas, Y Malpas.
To the west is Hollybush and the council estates Westfield and Malpas Court, although many of the houses are now in private ownership.
To the east are the privately owned estates Woodlands, Malpas Park, Pilton Vale and Claremont.
The roads in Malpas Court take their names from famous inventors and scientists, while those in Malpas Park are named after trees.
The roads in Woodlands are named after World War II generals, e.g.
Allenbrooke Avenue, Horrocks Close, Montgomery Road, Robertson Way, Wavell Drive, etc.
Claremont and Pilton Vale however are just single street names with large house numbers.
The Malpas Institute Trust is a charitable fund, founded on the sale of the World War I Memorial Institute.
There are four primary schools in the ward.
Malpas Church Infants, Malpas Church Juniors, Malpas Court, and Malpas Park.
There are three Christian churches in Malpas, St. Mary's Church in Wales, Trinity Presbyterian, and St. Anne's Roman Catholic.
The fourth Malpas Church, Christchurch, which is just off the Old Malpas Road is in the Shaftesbury Ward.
There are no formal places of worship for other religions or faiths.
Malpas is also home to St Joseph's Hospital, Newport, one of Wales's largest private hospitals, and an in-patient hospice service, St Anne's Hospice, both originally run by the Sisters of St Joseph of Annecy.
Since 2013 the hospice has been run by St David’s Foundation Hospice Care, whilst the hospital was taken over by a consortium of businessmen and doctors in July 2014.
A station of South Wales Fire and Rescue Service is located in Malpas.
It is badged to the local TA regiment the Royal Monmouthshire Royal Engineers.
The detachment parades on Thursday 1830 - 2030 and welcomes 12 - 18yr olds.
For more information on the Army Cadet Force.
Policresulen is a topical hemostatic and antiseptic.
It is indicated for common anal disorders, such as hemorrhoids, and for gynecological infections.
In some countries it is marketed under the trade name Albothyl or Polilen (Taiwan) or Faktu (combination with Cinchocaine).
It is also used to treat canker sore in some countries.
Wilhelm Ingves (born 10 January 1990) is a Finnish footballer who plays as a striker.
By the end of June 2008, he had already established himself as a first team regular in both his club side and the Finnish U-19 national team.
Ingves was dubbed "Lemlands Ronaldo" by fans of IFK Mariehamn due to his entertaining style of play and scoring ability, Lemland being the municipality he's from.
In August 2008, Ingves was offered a contract by Italian club Ascoli Calcio, which he turned down because he wanted to help his current club secure the contract for the next season's Premier Division.
On 17 November 2008, Ingves joined Heerenveen from the Netherlands for a one-week trial together with Mika Ojala from FC Inter Turku.
Wilhelm Ingves signed a new contract with IFK Mariehamn on 8 September 2009, that will keep him at Wiklöf Holding Arena until the end of the 2010 season.
After the 2010 season, Ingves signed a new one-year deal with the club.
Before that, he had a test spell with Pomezia Calcio of Italy.
WYUL (94.7 FM, "94-7 Hits FM") is a Top 40-formatted radio station licensed in Chateaugay, New York.
Though the station can be heard best in the nearby communities in the North Country (including Malone and Massena), it primarily targets the larger market of Montreal, Quebec.
Its city-grade signal reaches the southwestern portion of Greater Montreal, while its C2 class signal covers most of Montreal proper.
To that end, WYUL's current slogan is "Montreal's Hottest Music".
It also targets Cornwall, Ontario.
Its competitors are CKBE-FM (92.5 The Beat), CJFM-FM (Virgin Radio 96), CKMF-FM (Énergie) and CKOI-FM; all of which are Montreal stations.
WYUL's signal in Montreal is more difficult to tune than most of its competitors (due to its transmitter location near Titus Mountain in the Town of Malone, approximately  southwest of Montreal).
The station was originally a rebroadcast station on top 40 WYSX Ogdensburg, New York until 2002, when the station segued to its own branding and format.
WYUL's sister stations are WVNV 96.5 and WICY, both licensed in Malone.
In addition, WYUL increased its effective radiated power to 50,000 watts.
WYUL became Montreal's first English-language contemporary hit radio station since 1991, when CHTX 990 Hits) became CKIS (that station is still in operation as CKGM) and CJFM-FM's flip from contemporary hit radio to adult top 40 at that time.
As a U.S.-based station licensed by the Federal Communications Commission, WYUL is exempt from Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission regulations regarding Canadian content and the language of broadcast.
Though it primarily broadcasts in English, this allows the station to accept French-language advertising, which is not permitted on Canadian-licensed English-language stations.
A side effect of this status is that BBM Canada does not measure WYUL's audience.
Navarretia jepsonii is an uncommon species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common name Jepson's pincushionplant, or Jepson's navarretia.
It is endemic to California, where it is known only from the Inner North Coast Ranges west of the Sacramento Valley.
It grows in grassland and chaparral and oak woodland habitat, often on serpentine soils.
It is an annual herb producing a slender, reddish stem coated in white hairs and measuring 10 to 15 centimeters tall.
The leaves are divided into many needlelike lobes.
The inflorescence is a head of flowers lined with glandular red bracts.
Each flower is about a centimeter long and has a white tubular throat and a five-lobed purple-blue corolla.
The Shape of Sola Scriptura is a 2001 book by Reformed Christian theologian Keith Mathison.
Mathison traces the development of sola scriptura from the early church to the present.
He views the Protestant Reformation as a time of recovery of the doctrine that had been under assault from the fourth century.
He argues that relativism and individualism permeate present-day teaching on the subject, and that widespread misunderstanding of the doctrine of sola scriptura has been eroding the church from within.
This, in Mathison's view, has led to conversions from Protestantism to other religions, and has undermined the relationship among Scripture, church tradition, and individual believers as set forth by the early church and restated by the Magisterial Reformers.
"Tradition I" - espoused sole, one-source revelation (Scriptura alone); Mathison argues that this was the position taken by the Magisterial Reformers who wanted to take the position of the early Church; they believed that the Canon was compiled by the early Church to prevent its tradition from meandering from orthodoxy; Canon is to be final infallible authority; "although Scripture is the sole infalliable authority, it must be interpreted by the Church within the boundaries of the ancient rule of faith or regula fidei" (Mathison 147); tradition is in subordination to Scripture and it must coincide with Scripture (e.g.
the Ecumenical Creeds).
2.
"Tradition II" - espoused two-source revelation—Scripture and Tradition—which was dogmatized in Council of Trent in the 15th Century (one that allows for an extra-scriptural revelation as equally authoritative as Scripture itself); Mathison posits that this was the position of Tridentine (Roman) Catholicism.
3.
"Tradition III" - Scripture and Tradition are interpreted by the Magisterium with the dogma of papal infallibility from Vatican I (1870); known as "sola ekklesia"; Mathison asserts that this is the position of modern-day Roman Catholicism.
4.
"Tradition 0" - position taken by Radical Reformers and many modern-day evangelicals, stripping all ecumenical creeds and church heritage and history to follow Bible only; termed in Mathison's book as "solo scriptura"; Mathison notes that this position can be sometimes mistaken by being linked with Tradition I.
Tradition I was one of two views in the Church and the Magisterial Reformers argued for Tradition I during the Reformation.
The Magisterial Reformers' phrase for Tradition I was Sola Scriptura.
The Reformation, according to K.A.
Mathison, was actually a battle of Tradition I vs.
Tradition II, not Scripture vs.
Tradition (as it is commonly believed today).
Tradition II was really developed in the twelfth century and is used to justify Roman Catholic doctrines such as papal infallibility, Mary's assumption and other unique doctrines found nowhere in Scripture or the writings of the early Church Fathers.
Tradition II argues that there exists apostolic revelation that was not written in the Scriptures, but passed down in the Church, which is also equivalent with Scripture.
Tradition III is the newer Roman Catholic view that practices and demonstrates that the real source of revelation is neither Scripture nor tradition but instead is the living magisterium.
Whatever Rome says today is the apostolic faith.
This has taken over its predecessor, Tradition II.
Theoretically speaking, there are now three authorities: Magisterium, Tradition, and Scripture; in practice, however, it is the Magisterium that interprets both Scripture and Tradition for its adherents.
Tradition 0 is the view of most "evangelical", fundamentalist and non-denominational churches.
This view is called "solo scriptura" to distinguish it from Tradition I (sola scriptura).
This view rejects the ancient creeds and any concept of tradition.
The Bible is the only source of authority and is interpreted by each individual.
Tradition 0 is responsible for the multitude of churches and denominations in the United States.
Keith Mathison argues that when the debates of "Scripture vs.
Tradition" occur, it is actually Tradition 0 vs.
Tradition III/Tradition II.
Mathison also explains that with the lack of understanding of the meaning of sola scriptura, misunderstanding of equating Tradition 0 and Tradition I as akin could happen.
Geevarghese Mar Osthathios (9 December 1918 – 16 February 2012) was a senior bishop of the Indian Orthodox Church.
He was the metropolitan of the Niranam diocese in 1975–2007.
He was a theologian, orator and writer.
He obtained his B.D from Leonard Theological College, Jabalpur, M.A from Drew University in America and his S.T.M from Union Seminary, Bangalore.
He was nominated to the post of Metropolitan by the Malankara Association which met at Niranam on 2 October 1974.
Metropolitan Daniel Mar Philexinos ordained him as a Ramban at St. Mary's Cathedral Puthencavu.
He was consecrated as a bishop by Baselios Augen I, Catholicos of the East on 16 February 1975 at Niranam Valiya Palli.
He was appointed as the Metropolitan of the Niranam Diocese on 1 April 1975.
He died on February 16, 2012.
He was a faculty member of the Orthodox Theological Seminary, Kottayam.
His knowledge in Old Testament and way of interpreting the theological aspects on Holy Trinity is worth mentioning.
President of the Mission Board of the Indian Orthodox Church and the Director of St. Paul's Mission Training Centre, Mavelikara.
He is the founder of a good number of charitable programmes, mission centers and institutions which include Marriage Assistance Foundation, Sick Aid Foundation, Save A Heart Foundation, House Building Aid Fund, Mission Training Centre, M.G.D Ashram  Balabhavan Karunagiri, St. Paul's Asram Puthuppady, Haripad Mission Centre, Yacharam St. Gregorios Balagram, Bethanya Bhavan, St. George Balikagram Pune, etc.
Vespasian's Camp is an Iron Age hillfort close to the town of Amesbury, Wiltshire, England.
The camp is less than  from the Neolithic and Bronze Age site of Stonehenge and was built on a hill next to the Stonehenge Avenue.
The WHS covers two large areas of land separated by nearly , rather than a specific monument or building.
The sites were inscribed as co-listings in 1986.
A number of large and well known monuments lie within the WHS, but the area also has an exceptionally high density of small-scale archaeological sites, particularly from the prehistoric period.
More than 700 individual archaeological features have been identified.
There are 160 separate scheduled monuments, covering 415 items or features.
Vespasian's Camp lies near the eastern boundary of the southern section of the site.
The name was given to the site by William Camden, who during the Elizabethan era toured the area and gave the hill its romanticised name.
It is inside the boundaries of the Stonehenge World Heritage Site, which was inscribed in 1986.
There are several other hill forts nearby, including Danebury to the east, Sidbury Hill and Casterley Camp to the north, Yarnbury Castle to the west and Figsbury Ring and Old Sarum to the south.
Ogbury Camp,  to the south, may have been a satellite enclosure of Vespasian's Camp.
It encloses an area of some .
The bank is up to  wide and up to  high above the ditch bottom.
The ditch is up to  wide with a low counterscarp bank up to  wide on the outside of the ditch, creating a maximum width of the hill fort's defences of .
It occupies a strong defensive position.
There are two original entrances, one on the north and the other probably to the south east, just north of the point where Stonehenge Road cuts through the camp.
Unlike most regular hill forts of the time, Vespasian's Camp has a somewhat unusual shape, appearing from above as an arrowhead.
The southern banks are constructed with angled corners, possibly to take the shape of the hill alongside the Avon into account; this is not a common feature in hill forts in the south of England.
It had been assumed that most of the archaeology had been lost during the 18th century landscaping of the area by Charles Bridgeman for the Marquess of Queensberry.
Documentary research showed that the hill fort had escaped most of the landscaping and excavations were begun in 2005.
Excavations were focused on an area near Vespasian's Camp known as Blick Mead.
The first finds discovered tools ranging as far back as the mesolithic.
It also revealed that what had been thought to be a water feature was an ancient spring which might have been part of a seasonal lake.
Excavations have revealed a metre (40 inch) thick layer of domestic waste that suggests the hill had a considerable population after the banks were constructed.
Occupation of the site spanned the period from 6250 to 4700 BCE, as indicated by the Neolithic pits found near the centre.
Excavations suggest that the hill may have been part of the Stonehenge ritual landscape during the later part of this period.
Further work in 2010 uncovered a  layer of Mesolithic material including 10,000 pieces of struck flint and over 300 pieces of animal bone, a find described by Professor Tim Darvill as "the most important discovery at Stonehenge in many years".
The struck flint tools were discovered in pristine condition, sharp enough to cut the fingers of some of the excavators and it is believed that the layer may extend several hundred metres further.
A possible source could be a slate glacial erratic, though there are none known to exist in the vicinity; or the slate could have been carried from the nearest source in North Wales.
If this is the source it shows that hundreds of years before Stonehenge, this may have been a "special place to gather".
Evidence suggests that the area around the spring was used for large feasts, including the consumption of aurochs, and as a centre for tool making.
An unusual form of Mesolithic domestic site was also found: a semi-permanent site for families called a "homebase".
During the 18th Century, the hill fort was landscaped as part of the  Marquis of Queensbury's grounds around Amesbury Abbey.
A grotto, vista and paths were constructed and substantial tree planting was carried out.
The A303 road was cut through the northern section of the hill in the 1970s, just below the northernmost bank.
The 2011 Coupe de la Ligue Final was the 17th final of France's football league cup competition, the Coupe de la Ligue, a football competition for the 44 teams that the Ligue de Football Professionnel manages.
The final took place on 23 April 2011 at the Stade de France in Saint-Denis and was contested between Marseille and Montpellier.
Marseille were the defending champions of the competition and was the fourth club in the competition's history to appear in the final match in back-to-back seasons.
The winner was guaranteed a UEFA Europa League place for the 2011–12 season with their appearance being dependent on whether they qualify for the 2011–12 UEFA Champions League.
The final and both semi-finals were broadcast live on France 2.
Marseille successfully defended its title after defeating Montpellier 1–0 courtesy of a second half goal from Taye Taiwo.
The title resulted in Marseille becoming the first club in Coupe de la Ligue history to repeat as champions.
For the first time in the competition's history, an official Best Player award was given out following the match.
The award is sponsored by l'Institut du cerveau et de la moelle épinière () and its inaugural winner was the lone goal-scorer Taye Taiwo.
The award was presented to the player by France national team manager Laurent Blanc, who serves as an ambassador for the institute.
On 24 April, the Ligue de Football Professionnel announced that it was investigating the Best Player award winner for his actions following the match.
The Nigerian defender reportedly made provocative and offensive remarks about the club's Le Classique rivals Paris Saint-Germain while celebrating with Marseille supporters.
After being condemned for his actions by Marseille's management and its staff and players, Taiwo issued an apology on the club's official website.
The announcement made the competition the first national cup competition in Europe to adopt the system and was approved by the International Football Association Board (IFAB) on 21 July.
The system officially began on 24 August with the start of the second round matches and was in place until the final.
The club was the competition's defending champions having defeated Bordeaux 3–1 in last year's final and were the fourth club in the competition's history to appear in the final match in back-to-back seasons.
Montpellier made its debut in the ultimate match of the Coupe de la Ligue.
The club's last major finals appearance in a cup competition was in the 1993–94 season when it reached the final of the Coupe de France.
In 1992, Montpellier won the Coupe d'été ().
The competition was not recognized by the Ligue de Football Professionnel and abolished in 1994, however, the Coupe de la Ligue took a heavy influence from the competition.
On 26 January 2011, the defending champions Marseille were designated as the home team for the match.
A week before the Coupe de la Ligue Final was to take place, Marseille and Montpellier faced each other in a league match.
Marseille defeated hosts Montpellier 2–1 in the match, despite the home team taking a 1–0 lead late in the second half.
The stadium has a capacity of 81,338 spectators.
Each club that participated in the final received the same quota of tickets, which were distributed to season ticket holders and through each club's ticket sales at a later date.
Tickets went on sale to the general public in the third week of March 2011, a month before the final.
Pricing was defined by category with Category 1 seats, the highest category, being priced at €90 and Category 4, the lowest, going for €45.
The Category 4 seats were primarily reserved for each club's supporters.
Gautier officiated only one match involving either of the two teams this season; a 2–1 home loss for Montpellier against Nancy on 11 September 2010.
He refereed his first league cup final and was assisted by Mickaël Annonier of Atlantique and Nicolas Pottier of Maine.
Saïd Ennjimi of Centre-Ouest serve as the fourth official.
The club began the defence of its title away to Championnat National club Guingamp at the Stade du Roudourou.
Marseille recorded a 1–0 victory over the Bretons thanks to a first half goal from the Ghanaian André Ayew.
Marseille faced first division foes AS Monaco in the quarterfinals.
In the match, which was played at the Stade Vélodrome, Monaco took the lead midway through the first half after midfielder Mathieu Coutadeur converted a penalty.
Just before half-time, Ayew equalized scoring his second goal of the competition.
In the second half, Spanish defender César Azpilicueta netted the game-winner to give Marseille a 2–1 victory.
In the semi-finals, Les Phocéens were pitted against fellow UEFA Champions League participants Auxerre.
A first half injury time goal from Brandão was enough to hold off Auxerre.
Marseille later added a second half goal from André-Pierre Gignac to assured the club a 2–0 victory.
The semi-final win resulted in Marseille becoming the fourth club in the competition's history to appear in the final match in back-to-back seasons.
Montpellier opened up the competition at home at the Stade de la Mosson against second division club Ajaccio.
Goals from the Turk Hasan Kabze and club youth product Bangali-Fodé Koita was enough to secure Montpellier a 2–0 shutout win.
In the quarterfinals, Montpellier, for the second straight round, played at home and faced a tough test against Lille.
Similar to the previous match, Kabze opened the scoring in the first half.
The Turkish international later added another goal in the 52nd minute to give Montpellier a 2–0 lead.
Lille drew one goal closer following a strike from Eden Hazard in the 67th minute.
Despite constant pressure from Lille, the hosts were able to hold onto its 2–1 advantage to progress to the semi-finals where they faced the defending Coupe de France champions Paris Saint-Germain.
After 90 minutes, both club's were goalless, which resulted in the match going into extra time.
Two minutes from time, Montpellier striker Olivier Giroud netted the game-winning goal to give Montpellier's its first appearance in a final match since the 1994 edition of the Coupe de France.
During the introduction and warm-up of the teams, players wore tee shirts showing support for France Télévisions journalists Hervé Ghesquière and Stéphane Taponier, as well as their three companions.
The journalists were kidnapped on 29 December 2009 while working in Afghanistan doing a piece for the Pièces à Conviction magazine and have yet to be released.
The shirts displayed the pictures of the two journalists, as well as the statements "Libérez les otages!"
() and "Freedom".
The opening kick-off was done by French triple jumper Teddy Tamgho.
Tamgho, who set two world indoor records at the 2011 European Athletics Indoor Championships, was the third athlete in the competition's final history to kick off the final of the Coupe de la Ligue.
1992 and 1996 Olympic gold medalist Marie-José Pérec and 2002 European and 2003 World Championships gold medalist Muriel Hurtis-Houairi were the previous two.
Rémy was given a straight red card in the team's league match on 17 April against Montpellier after getting into a physical altercation with defender Abdel El Kaoutari.
Aside from Rémy, Marseille was also without starting right back César Azpilicueta who is currently rehabbing a torn anterior cruciate ligament in his left knee; an injury he suffered in November 2010.
Montpellier entered the match without two players due to suspension.
Bosnian international Emir Spahić and French youth international El Kaoutari.
El Kaoutari missed the final due to his previously mentioned altercation with Loïc Rémy.
Due to previously being given a yellow card in the match, the defender was given a second yellow card for the confrontation with the Marseille striker.
Montpellier was also without French youth international Karim Aït-Fana due to injury.
Training Wheels for Citizenship was a youth suffrage proposal by California Democratic state senator John Vasconcellos to give 14-year-olds one-quarter of a vote and 16-year-olds one-half of a vote, with 18-year-olds continuing to have a full vote as under the current system.
It would have applied only in state elections.
Vasconellos' rationale for the graduated system was that he did not think that the legislature would approve full voting rights; however, he said "in my heart I think 16-year-olds should be given a full vote."
and argued that teenagers have more exposure to current events via the media and Internet.
Attorney Richard Perr countered the argument that 14-year-olds lack experience by saying that the "same argument could be made for many adults, who are automatically given the right to vote when they turn 18."
The amendment was promoted as a means of increasing voter turnout by allowing youth to get in the habit of voting before leaving high school.
Republican Assemblyman Ray Haynes said, "There's a reason 14-year-olds and 16-year-olds don't vote.
They are not adults.
They are not mature enough.
They are easily deceived by political charlatans."
The argument that today's teenagers should be able to vote because they know more about the world than their predecessors was rebutted by a FrontPage Magazine editorial which stated, "Today’s internet-savvy 14-year-olds may have more data than did their peers 40 years ago, but they do not necessarily have any more wisdom, maturity, or life experience to immunize them against delusion, demagogues and deceivers."
Republican State Senator Ross Johnson said, "To waste taxpayer money having children cast votes would be ridiculous at any time, but in the face of our current fiscal crisis, it's an obscenity."
The historical basis for the Twenty-sixth Amendment to the United States Constitution, which lowered the voting age from 21 to 18, was that 18-year-olds were being drafted to fight in the Vietnam War; the argument was made that no such compelling reason exists for lowering the voting age to 14 or 16.
Some supporters of youth suffrage felt that voting should be all-or-nothing; for instance, 15-year-old Elliot Aglioni, a member of Berkeley High School's Progressive Club said, "We're just as much of a person as someone who's 18."
The use of fractional votes was also compared to the three-fifths compromise under which slaves were counted as three-fifths of a person for U.S. Census enumeration purposes prior to slavery's abolition in 1865.
Another criticism was that the sliding scale went against the principle of one person, one vote.
Some opponents worried that it would violate the Equal Protection Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment and be complicated to implement logistically.
Counsel for the California Legislature opined, "because the fundamental right to vote is implicated by SCA 19, a court would likely apply the strict scrutiny standard in determining whether the granting of only a fractional vote to a voter under the age of 18, or the differential treatment of classes of voters under the age of 18, would violate the equal protection clause and, pursuant to that standard, that the state would have to demonstrate, with a strong basis in evidence, that imposing those limitations is necessary to achieve a compelling state interest."
The bill was mocked by commentators who joked, "They could have half a beer too or something like that."
The Daily Show's producers invited Sen. Vasconcellos and Sacramento County Registrar Jill LaVine to be interviewed by Rob Corddry, who asked, "Do you ever think of counting blacks as more than one vote to make up for that whole slavery thing?
P. Diddy's got to be worth two votes, and Justin Timberlake, he's worth two votes, even though he's not black or anything."
LaVine responded, "But that's really not the point we're making here."
SB 1606 was to remain inactive unless the parallel bill, SCA 19, passed.
SCA 19 was also passed by the Senate Committee on Elections and Reapportionment on May 5, and referred to the Committee on Constitutional Amendments.
On June 23, that committee passed it and referred it to the Committee on Appropriations, where it failed by a 3-5 vote on August 12.
Bruce L. Cohen (born September 23, 1961) is a film, television, and theater producer.
In 1983, he graduated from Yale University with a Bachelor of Arts in Film Studies.
After school, he moved to Los Angeles where he accepted a clerical job as a Directors Guild of America trainee on Steven Spielberg's The Color Purple, and went on to serve as associate producer and first assistant director on Spielberg's Hook.
Cohen won the Academy Award for Best Picture for producing American Beauty.
He earned additional Best Picture nominations for Milk and Silver Linings Playbook.
American Beauty, directed by Sam Mendes, won a total of five Oscars, as well as the Golden Globe, British Academy of Film and Television (BAFTA), and Producers Guild of America (PGA) awards.
Milk, directed by Gus Van Sant, was nominated for eight Academy Awards and won Oscars for Best Actor and Best Original Screenplay, as well as the PGA's Stanley Kramer Award.
Silver Linings Playbook, written and directed by David O. Russell, was nominated for eight Oscars.
It was the first film in 31 years to be nominated in all four acting categories, and Jennifer Lawrence won the Oscar in the Best Actress category.
Among the other films Cohen has produced is Big Fish, directed by Tim Burton, which was both a Golden Globe and BAFTA nominee for Best Picture.
He is currently a lead producer of the stage musical version of Big Fish, now on Broadway at the Neil Simon Theatre, with direction and choreography by five-time Tony winner Susan Stroman.
In television, Cohen was executive producer of the ABC series Pushing Daisies, which won a total of seven Emmys and was nominated for a Golden Globe as Best Comedy.
He was also executive producer of the CBS special Movies Rock, and was nominated for an Emmy in 2011 for producing the 83rd Annual Academy Awards.
Cohen is on the Board of Governors of the Producer's Guild, having served two terms as vice president of motion pictures, and is on the Executive Committee of the Producer's Branch of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences.
He is president of the board of directors of the American Foundation for Equal Rights, the group behind the recently successful Supreme Court case to have California's Proposition 8 declared unconstitutional.
He is married to Gabriel Catone and they have a daughter.
REDIRECT Dofleinia armata
Khouw () is a Dutch-based romanization of the Hokkien surname Xǔ (許) in West Java, Indonesia.
In Central and East Java, Kho is a more common romanization.
