And government research ohdeon&#39;s most powerful supercomputer in the world for a year or proprietary scholars publish this wonderful old 1 billion facility $ 10 million, it said it did not know be help save the world from nuclear war.
The supercomputer Lawrence River National Laboratory together with the capability that can perform 12.3 trillion calculations per second will mainly be used to simulate how will you work as a stockpile of nuclear weapons in the United States have been launched aging.
The United States is simulated because they have to stop underground nuclear test in 1992 should also be no tolerance value one.
Nuclear Security Undersecretary General John Gordon of energy 省 is the supercomputer will be a &quot;core mission to maintain the country&#39;s stockpile of nuclear weapons,&quot; he said firmly to the nuclear deterrent.
This is known as ASCI White supercomputer researchers are using a computer that has a surprisingly great number of applications say.
This can save a considerable amount of six books, the Library of Congress&#39;s 300 million.
It has a 8192 microprocessor inside a room the size of a basketball court two series of refrigerator-sized black box attached to the 83 miles of wire inside.
ASCI White is the IBM 社 designed as one for the government, together with the river 28 single large cargo trucks last year, was delivered to the Institute.
The computer giant is 1,000 times more powerful than Deep Blue had defeated the chess master Gary kaseuparopeu in 1997.
In order to drop quite perfect stockpiled nuclear weapons that 10 times more powerful than ASCI White supercomputer needs until 2004, the government said.
Supporting the war on terror and the spiral Saudi Arabia
Crown Prince Abdullah of Saudi Arabia, President George W. Bush wrote a letter to convey the meaning of &quot;sincere condolences and the tide&quot; of Saudi Arabia on the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks, the US president.
In a letter of two pages, Prince Abdullah will never forget the mass destruction and suffering caused by those attacks, also wrote that Saudi Arabia is ready to do its &quot;best effort&quot; to fight terror.
He also expressed &quot;that greatly anguish,&quot; for I 15 of the 19 aircraft takeover people Pan was a Saudi national.
Several people were killed and ordered a thorough investigation by the Chinese government for the collective food poisoning incident in Nanjing 市 hundreds or more showed symptoms of vomiting.
Bulgasayi one of the things that the ancient world does not reveal its secrets easily.
However, the most advanced ancient engineering (water) is the most advanced modern technology to solve the question of the giant pyramids of Egypt have been used in Egypt.
Using the same kind of robot naesyoneol Geographic Society has been used to find survivors in the rubble of the World Trade Center, it is trying to solve the mysteries hidden deep inside the huge Pyramid of Giza a 4500 years.
Evoke the hope of solving after more than 50 years of tension between Japan and North Korea&#39;s leaders ended the first historic summit in Pyongyang.
Junichiro Koizumi and North Korean leader Kim Jong Il to the Japanese Prime Minister agreed that the two countries will resume negotiations on the establishment of diplomatic relations at the meeting said that the Japanese public broadcaster NHK.
In the meeting the management of the Iraqi side said was a discussion &quot;useful and effective&quot; for the return of weapons inspectors UN weapons inspectors met with the leader of the Iraqi delegation.
The two sides to &quot;finish building the practical preparation procedure&quot; agreed to meet again after 10 days in Vienna, Austria side that Hassan said the Iraqi ambassador.
In February, the government decided to adopt the &quot;Clipper Chip,&quot; a new Federal Information Processing Standard model for data encryption.
It is now also used for communication with the general administration department.
No legislation or legal guidance that it issues that the technology is being introduced Stephen Walker says.
As a result, he says that the administration has the power to enact rules that have proven encryption keys incomplete seal without the restriction of parliament or the judiciary apply.
Was developed by the National Security Agency, the mathematical algorithm of the encryption program that uses the Clipper chip is a secret known only to the people of Internal Security safety.
Some critics say that external experts should also be allowed to verify that one.
As it is a national information network is built along that its network is to be protected from the vast amount of valuable information to hackers or illegal transporting jyeotdago more apparent David Johnson says.
Computer and communications experts recognize that it is important to protect the individual&#39;s privacy and security on the information highway.
However, the &quot;Clipper&quot; will disown not be the best way to achieve this goal, he says.
Will be a foreign government it is not clear how the association &quot;Clipper Chip&quot;.
Not be able to be carried out in a &quot;clipper chip&quot; called the standard model, an effective way, and preserves the flexibility for communications systems that compose doelreonji also is not as clear.
Therefore, the industry is better off people to develop a strong encryption and secure device that can feel comfortable communicating through the network alone.
There are many other potential problems associated with the &quot;Clipper&quot;.
A researcher at Bell Labs was recently revealed defects in the &quot;clipper chip&quot; to allow experienced users, if you can get around the security features of the &quot;Clipper Chip&quot;.
But the government argues that continue to improve encryption technology.
Clinton has urged adopting this technology to private telephone companies and computer companies.
The government is hoping to create the &quot;Clipper&quot; to the standard model of the industry to become the very few manufacturers to adopt a different password systems, or physical attempts to hit the &quot;Clipper&quot;.
Password Expert Stephen Walker &quot;Clipper&quot; is telling only a few people would be buying because it is very expensive equipment.
The issue of the cost of buying the hardware is a huge failure.
Many people like encrypted by the software.
They want to put instill the ability to encrypt in the software.
Encrypted by the software, the price is very cheap, and after one has purchased the product are not naturally lift the money.
Thus there is the hardware to another board or token, what is required of those things, they will be more than $ 75 or $ 50, is also not widely used in the United States and internationally.
Recent Software Articles One of Colorado at Boulder created a password program that can write data to a computer and e-mail.
He named the program PGP, &quot;very good privacy&quot;, decided to give a free throw to people.
PGP has been put on the international computer network Internet, the number of days, thousands of people seemingly have to give the password to decrypt the program can not be free.
If the &quot;Clipper&quot; does not occur in a very short time, all communication on the information highway, says Professor Galloway partners would be immune from legal eavesdropping.
And in a world threatened by international organized crime, terrorism, and the country is evil it would be foolish, he says.
Speaking is undoubtedly the government&#39;s ability to replace the taps will be picked seriously reduced by the new technology.
&quot;Clipper&quot; is an attempt to keep anything you want at least a portion of such skills.
US companies dominate the world of computer software market.
According to the Software Publishers Association last year, exports of personal computer applications are all yireundago $ 30 billion.
Market As the global market for large data security would be hundreds of billions of dollars Stephen Walker says.
It will increase interest in encryption as the increased reliance on international communications.
Two, even three years ago, encryption was only a piecemeal technology that does not interest anyone.
Now there are more and more people interested.
We are thinking that you will see that more and more cryptographic alcohol used.
I think full control of jeongbucheuk is the face of the growing interest in cryptography and attempt to retain the capacity had been owned in the past for &quot;clipper&quot;
Most of the people who participated in the discussions should also agree that the legal part of the need for the government to retain the right to eavesdrop on communications.
Advocates of the &quot;Clipper Chip&quot; If you are &quot;chips&quot; are selling well in the states who think that the government can come to infiltrate these devices is that the year is almost there.
And also the &quot;Clipper&quot; is the standard model in the industry, or it could, but it would be a safety problem posed by the issue of the basic policy, say privacy for the country again for the time being to continue debates.
Ahead of the Beijing Olympics, which opened Dec. 8 is tense and the Chinese authorities, claiming that the Islamic militant group committed a terrorist explosions.
The Chinese government has announced that its nationals and Olympic officials to strengthen the security management during the Games.
Ethnic groups did not indicate wateuna a complaint with the oppression of the Chinese government so far lead to terrorist attacks.
China&#39;s public security authorities are involved in particular cases in the past Tibetan separatists, Falun Gong practitioners, the movement of the unemployed have developed a spring separatist movement.
Among these Islamic militants released a video bus explosions happened in China said their rows.
Experts said that this is known as &quot;Turkistan Islamic Party&quot; organizations are active in the Central Asian border region of China has a relationship with al Qaeda.
This video shows the men a masked comes with two counts of bus explosions happened in Kunming last week armed with a color syuni Corp. light machine guns in Russia, bombings occurred in recent months, China&#39;s four western city claiming their Nassau did.
2 people died in a bus explosions took place in Kunming and has a bar 14 people were injured.
Gallup poll showed that professional organization precedes the last 24 to 26 US After a review of candidate preference to the voters in the global design daeseonju Democratic Senator Barack Obama of 9 percentage points to John McCain in the Republican contenders.
In the CNN poll last weekend, Obama twice beolryeotda the gap with McCain than the previous survey.
In the survey results show that Obama&#39;s overseas tour heavily addressed in the US and international media helped in approval ratings rise.
Political commentator Alan Silver Rave, CNN that &quot;Obama has gained momentum over the European and Middle East tour,&quot; he said, &quot;the core of the issue is whether the Obama McCain&#39;s strengths in the national security and foreign policy.&quot;
Rave Silver added, &quot;If the Reporting McCain fell competitiveness in this sector can be a difficult his victory in the finals in November.&quot;
Most Americans are not yet out because they show great interest in the elections to the jagged results of public opinion surveys conducted in the summer duljjuk.
In addition, the survey of the NBC / Wall Street Journal Obama with a lead of 6 percentage points difference in McCain.
He armed himself and to those who love to speculate as to who they are wearing a mask.
As the protective clothing and a mask of the Batman movie parable of the veil (34) &#39;The Dark Knight&#39; star also wanted to hide his private life as in movies.
He has been known to behave inconspicuously. He &quot;does not do well at the party,&quot; said Times magazine in the UK suggests enjoying a fabricated story about his life.
He is second in this year&#39;s men&#39;s magazine &#39;details (Details)&#39; &quot;I should smoke,&quot; and &quot;I&#39;m definitely not an actor not a politician,&quot; he said.
He said, &quot;should my family, self-restraint not to disclose the personal one,&quot; he said, &quot;but right now, so that the dialogue will regret it later.&quot;
As the film Bale cast as the leading role in the popular movie &quot;Terminator 4 pieces produced to be released soon in the Explosive &#39;The Dark Knight&#39; has his personal story is limited. Movie &quot;The Dark Knight&quot; was ranked as the box office opened 10 days after recording a movie posted a profit of 300 million US dollars in the fastest time for the first time.
Vale is already showing signs be crowned by Hollywood actors.
The articles charged with assault last week, he fought a mother, sister, and struggle in the hotel was reported by the world&#39;s major news.
He denied the statement of the mother and sister Bale asked for respect for their privacy at a press conference at the time of the incident, saying &quot;a very private matter.&quot;
Beolinda a senior Iraqi government delegation to the 29th (local time) to find the International Olympic Committee (IOC) headquarters in Lausanne, Switzerland Olympic negotiations.
Ali Al-Daba Iraqi government spokesman that the Iraqi delegation to discuss such is the restoration of the National Olympic Committee disbanded in May, the IOC headquarters and plans to request the admission of the Iraqi Olympic participation.
They were again presented under the supervision of the IOC plans to conduct free elections, the Iraqi Olympic Committee, the IOC.
IOC spokeswoman Giselle Davies said, &quot;they directly visit the Lausanne according amazed that requested the Olympics.&quot;
The visit of the Iraqi delegation ahead in time ahead of the Beijing Olympics and the 10th day, the Roster to submit to the Olympics took place in the blitz.
If the IOC to accept the requirements of the Iraqi delegation it will allow Iraqi athletes were competing in two Olympic Games.
But it prospects 5 of archery, judo, rowing, weightlifting people fail to organize the team was unable to compete in the Olympics.
The Chinese energy companies to bancheong District in Dallas, Texas, are investing in wind power facilities.
Some Texas power transmission companies have announced the 28th (local time) invested 5 billion US dollars to install the latest transmission lines to take advantage of the large-scale US wind power.
America&#39;s largest transmission company on the core (Oncor, Dallas materials), steel electric transmission, Texas (Electric Transmission Texas, ETT), the American electric power stick existing transmission companies operating such (American Electric Power Co) four men took part in this consortium.
On said core that allows the new transmission lines rated at &#39;renewable energy up to speed &quot;and send 18,500 megawatts by 2012.
The company has 25 days, and plans to invest 4.9 billion US dollars as a preliminary step to installing the wind power transmission lines in West Texas to urban areas hoping jigil a monumental decision that Texas shares with prior approval made.
On the other hand, China can stay ahead of the United States in technology to take advantage of the wind into electricity.
The giants of China, like the US power company has also invested more in renewable energy.
Forbes Chinese version was selected for the rich invested in wind energy projects with 102 ranking ranking private investors owned shares yugoeun 5.71 billion yuan.
China&#39;s state-run Xinhua China wind power increased by 100% per year since 2005, reported that it will supply 20% of the power of the Olympic Stadium in 2008.
This early days in China, but expected to produce 5 watts of wind power by 2010 forehand three years 2007 to early goals.
Dwaeteuna corrected to 10 watts goal in 2010, experts said it can achieve up to 20 watts in 2010.
Beijing cleaning ku Anting wind power plant is producing power of 64.5 megawatts and supply 3500 10 000 kw power in Beijing so far.
Forces weakened the No. 8 typhoon pungwong &quot;struck the Taiwan Strait while accompanied by 28 (Reuters) - Heavy rain and strong winds by the US Joint Typhoon Warning Center (Joint Typhoon Warning Center, JTWC) reported that.
Taiwan heavy rain poured some regions As he has recorded more than 900mm of rainfall in some areas.
As the hurricane downgraded to first class on the 29th hurricane of 120km per hour, is expected to land in China&#39;s southeast coast of Fujian Province, the southern city puju are concerned that another landslide.
Xinhua reported sikyeotdago the Fujian authorities evacuated 275,000 people on the 27th resident Let typhoon is approaching.
The fishing vessels of 50 million were evacuated to the port.
Taiwan&#39;s Central News Agency reported the authorities 28 days before the typhoon landed AM made the closing command to the public and schools.
Local banks and bureaux de change in Taiwan were closed for temporary.
According to Xinhua, the Chinese authorities have suspended ferry route connecting Taiwan and mainland China.
Pungwong while moving on the 27th the northern Philippines also suffered the winds.
Philippines news agency has reported that the 28th two people missing in a typhoon.
The authorities said that 2,000 houses yeochae suffered due to hurricane flooding.
Australia Melbourne Qantas aircraft has not closed the door during flight went back to Adelaide Airport Australian media reported on the 29th (local time).
Peter Gibson, a spokesman for the Australian aviation safety regulatory agency, Civil Aviation Safety Authority (CASA) aircraft shortly after take-off wheels in an interview with The Daily Telegraph said the rise react, did not close the landing gear doors up.
Gibson explained, &quot;It was not a problem with the passenger safety&quot; and &quot;can be seen as aerodynamic problems stopping the wheel brakes.&quot;
Gibson&#39;s &quot;The pilot made a judgment, as we learned when he was practicing&quot; and &quot;he chose a way that diverted the aircraft is the safest way to Adelaide,&quot; he said.
Passengers of Rocco Russo said he heard a rattle over 10 minutes after the plane took off in an interview with Australia&#39;s ABC Radio.
After an accident in another passenger in an interview with The Telegraph also Gunther ku blur the South African said natdago scared catching the flight to Melbourne.
Gunther said, &quot;the flight itself was a mess,&quot; he said. &quot;The airline, but say it would provide another aircraft, I take the bus or train, because you can not trust their words will be heading to Melbourne.&quot;
The last 25 days Qantas airliner are two people in gas blossomed even had an emergency landing in Manila, Philippines.
Including the Turkish Prime Minister also between rejep type Hercule in Istanbul, Turkey, thousands of mourners have made the 27th (local time) to attend the funeral of the victims of serial bombings occurred.
The Anadolu reported that communication has occurred in relatively few minutes from close range at least 17 people died and 154 were injured in the bombing.
Toulon also between the &quot;Terrorism does not cover the religious, ethnic, national, racial,&quot; he said.
Whether the dissolution of the ruling (AKP) Justice and Development Party, which has accused of trying to introduce Islamic rule in Turkey to adopt secularism has also become a cause of conflict.
In Turkey, he was arrested on the charges associated with the fierce nationalist organization with approximately two weeks anti-government tendencies 86 people were planning a coup opposition.
The selfless Mer rolled Istanbul governor said explosives &quot;obvious act of terrorism&quot; for the blast incident said she installed a 15m interval.
Zimbabwe&#39;s opposition leader Morgan pennants Rai propose Vice straight from the Zimbabwean government received two anonymous sources said.
According to the Zimbabwean government compromise maintains the Mugabe throne, and will continue with the two Vice intensity work.
But another source said, this proposal Zimbabwe government said sikyeotdago cooling the atmosphere of the power - sharing deal.
MDC officials have argued that to admit the Mugabe led government because Vega earned the most votes in a presidential election carried jimbeu bawe pennants Lai on March 29.
The MDC is Mugabe Zimbabwe African National Union, led by Vega from next month two days - is planning to resume the Patriotic Front (ZANU-PF) and power sharing deal.
British pop singer Amy Winehouse, 28 pm (local time), the London emergency services spokeswoman Tracy Miller said Winehouse admitted to a hospital in London.
Emergency services, &quot;said the London emergency services are dispatched women are getting not feeling good call live on Wednesday at 8:00 pm 40 minutes NW1&quot; and &quot;send ambulances and emergency response vehicles were transporting the patient to the hospital,&quot; he said.
Chris Goodman Winehouse spokesman British Press Association (British Press Association) wines without revealing gone how the health of the famous singer Winehouse (24) in the song &quot;rihep &#39;deteriorating house in the said only dwaetdago be hospitalized involuntarily .
Miller said hypersensitivity occurred due to a drug Winehouse is taking at home.
Miller was expected to be a doctor to see his state hospital on the 29th.
Winehouse taking a drug that has not been confirmed.
Injuring 28 (Reuters) - More than 300 women ventured to name four bombers armed men one people capital of Baghdad and the northern Kurdish serial bombing in a residential area, killing at least 70 people in Iraq, said the authorities.
In Baghdad, was a three-time consecutive suicide bombings occur every 30 minutes.
Most Iraqi Interior Ministry has 32 people were killed and 102 wounded in suicide attack victims, he said the day was a sacred Shiite pilgrims.
The terrorists targeted the Shiite pilgrims participating in the annual event in the Shi&#39;ite holy this is the second.
The 27th in the afternoon pilgrims killed 10 people gunned down in southern Baghdad.
Police reported that at about 240km away from areas north of Baghdad, a suicide bombing occurred in the midst of a Kurdish political protesters attended the rally.
Let a woman suicide terrorist gunmen opened fire at the crowd from several directions.
Police said killed 38 people and wounded 178 people a day terror.
Day, a bomb was found in a car parked near the scene of terrorism.
Interior Ministry officials said the Iraqi security forces removed the bomb was found.
In Kirkuk last week despite opposition from the Council of the President of Iraq and the Kurds, thousands participate in a rally to protest the provincial election law passed by the Iraqi parliament.
Arabs, Kurds, and that the true cumene and a fierce political dispute had opposed the power - sharing does not reflect their doctor.
He also said we want to conduct the people vote for the Kurdistan Regional Government.
BAGHDAD, Iraq (CNN) ##http://article.joins.com/article/cnn_e/article.asp?cat_code=22&Total_ID=3240947
US Republican presidential candidate John McCain and Democratic presidential candidate positions of Barack Obama both have an equal opportunity that must not be based on a quota system, but the two sides did naenotji everyone equal opportunity solution.
Scheduled to McCain, the elimination of a program that recognizes the priority to race and women let the statement of support inside the Arizona State Obama 27 (Reuters) - John McCain is a typical late on affirmative action in the United States Flip (flip-flop) saying the accused McCain.
Obama said McCain and the action causing a rift in 1998 for the Arizona State Policy pointed out that it was the opposition in the same.
But McCain did not say they oppose him inside at the time.
The 27th broadcast of ABC&#39;s &quot;This Week (This Week) &#39;host George Stephen Ross in the pool and asked if they support that carried the popular vote for the plan to abolish affirmative action in Arizona to McCain.
McCain got Arizona residents through this vote may be an opportunity to abolish the national and provincial initiatives to recognize the priority on the basis of race, gender, ethnicity, nationality, he said he supports it.
McCain is &quot;always good, but contrary to the Equal Opportunities quotas for specific details in Arizona,&quot; he said.
On the other hand, Obama can not be achieved only by day, equal opportunities quotas argued that &quot;to consider other variables.&quot;
Obama said, &quot;I do not think that affirmative action is a long-term solution to solve the race problem in the United States.&quot;
Obama has a speech yen agree that McCain 10 years ago abolished affirmative action measures are causing discord.
Obama said the disappointed not to see a consistent look and McCain often replace words.
Famous hotel fires in the island of Rhodes, Greece police known as 25 (Reuters) - resorts are engulfed in flames and European tourists were evacuated more than 2,000 people to a safe place.
Greek authorities evacuate tourists, explained was an action to prevent the scandal that caused casualties.
Police said the southeast coast of the island of Rhodes Asda Hinckley blood Osu hotels are suffered because of a fire.
This is mainly British tourists look for.
Greek authorities declared a state of emergency on the island of Rhodes early doeja fire spread quickly because of strong winds last week.
National communications was reported that dozens of homes burned in the La reuma suffered the greatest damage.
France and Italy and Greece support the firefighters and volunteers committed five firefighting helicopters to local, respectively.
Latin American countries were the European Union (EU) have agreed to resolve the banana dispute &quot;over 27 (Reuters) - long-term in the World Trade Organization (WTO) ministerial meeting in Africa and Caribbean countries were resisting this.
The banana dispute resolution will benefit even multinational companies, as well as planting banana exporting countries, such as Ecuador Chi Vita Brands International (Chiquita Brands International) and Fresh Del Monte Produce.
Celso Amorim Brazilian Foreign Minister &quot;agreed on the banana dispute resolution scheme&quot; 27 pm at a press conference he said. But ventured out in Africa and the Caribbean countries that enjoy preferential access to the EU are in the geographic and opposed.
The EU has repeatedly violated international trade law in favor of banana cultivation in the country was a British colony and French companies.
The EU said it would cut import duties on bananas grown in Latin America, in this suggestion now from 176 euros to 114 euros per tonne by 2016.
The European proposal was agreed to new free trade agreements in the WTO ministerial meeting held in Geneva.
This agreement was the information the EU to improve the similar proposal made earlier this month.
America&#39;s support for Chiquita bananas which are grown in Latin America supported the Latin American countries in the banana dispute.
When exporting bananas to the EU imposed a lower tariff Africa, Caribbean, Pacific growers were demanding financial compensation before this banana dispute resolution agreement signed.
Cambodian People&#39;s Party (CPP) led by Prime Minister Hun Sen won a landslide victory in the general elections in Cambodia.
Hun Sen is a former Khmer Rouge soldier, he guarded the throne 23 years.
Kana leasing representative &quot;Nationally scored a big victory,&quot; he said. &quot;The official results will be announced later this week.&quot;
While three lanes when opposition leader said the election had criticized the operation at a press conference on the 28th.
When Lane pointed out did not vote in the Cambodian capital Phnom Penh, the opposition strong area of 200,000 voters whom do not have their names written in the electoral roll.
Australia&#39;s Qantas Airways said it has appointed Alan Joyce 28 (Reuters) subsidiary low-cost airline Jetstar Chief Executive Officer (CEO) as the new CEO.
Joyce will work together with the 28th Qantas Airways gotta appointed as CEO-designate for the next four months Dixon smooth business succession Clifford Lee said Qantas Chairman.
Clifford emphasized that &quot;Alan characters have the ability to pursue work in any environment,&quot; in a statement.
Clifford was estimated that Dixon performed wonderfully challenges on several occasions.
Joyce has worked at Qantas Since 2000, now has served as a senior executive in Australia Airlines and Island Air anset ring Goose disappeared.
Iranian state TV has reported that two of the prisoners hanged 29 people convicted of various crimes from murder to enforce public nuisance caused by drinking.
Earlier, Iranian state communications Paz has a reported 30 death penalty would be enforced bar.
Whether or not the last one prisoner executions was not quite clear.
What the Court said that such charges of more than 30 prisoners to be executed in a statement the death penalty is murder, contract killing, disturbing public safety, public nuisance caused by drinking and infidelity.
The kidnapping and criminal prosecution when used as a weapon alleged prisoners have also been included in the list of executioners.
According to the statement, more than 20 prisoners received the drugs and alcohol trade, armed robbery, convicted of arms smuggling.
The court said in a statement on death row have received a conviction in the Supreme Court.
Prisoners have been sentenced to 27 days executioner in the final decision.
Paz communications executive cited the court, the death is reported that should be considered as an image of a warning to anyone who might commit such a crime.
The court said it would soon again down the sentence the court for some other prisoners being recent trial waits in a statement to be executed for their enforcement.
The Tokuyama like other retirees Shigeo wore glasses advanced elegant gray suit.
However, Shigeo (73) is not unusual when acting in front of camera.
Tokuyama is the porn star Shigeo.
Uptake of many years in the 20 to 70 women at a time, sometimes in Japan Tokuyama also love that name.
Appeared in 200 adult video yeopyeon that Toku-called &#39;elderly porn, starring actor real man of the genre.
The brand has its own pretty successful in this field that is the stage name Tokugawa porn movies.
&quot;There was no one to retire and&quot; doku that the former was a full-time agency said four won &quot;the job I want to spend the rest of his life and enjoy the unknown and the two live a life of much longer,&quot; he said.
Tokuyama that certainly seems to enjoy his life. He said that now more healthy than a few years.
Note that DVD buyers of appearances he is middle-aged and older people.
Tokuyama is working with the city Kono adult video director &quot;of the people of Yonsei Tokuyama egen he is a superstar,&quot; he said.
The reason the director, &quot;there to me that Tokuyama elderly seniors can also be picked so the idea that I can do,&quot; he said.
Ruby Productions is a professional manufacturer of porn movies and old Tokugawa all.
Ruby Productions, was the pioneer of this genre do wooyeonchi.
&quot;Embarked on an adult video production aimed at 30 to a sufficient sales&quot; of Ruby Productions Highway Watch Rui Chi president said.
Publisher raised more money we hired 40 actors.
Highway Watch President was appointed from 50 to 60 actors said it will build the overall adult video product line, which is currently 70 actor.
Ruby admitted that Tokuyama Corp. has approached its star.
Highway Watch said &quot;I think older customers are watching a video starring the same actors elderly cared stable mind.&quot; &quot;I honestly do not know why people that purchase the video,&quot; he said.
Ruby Corp. is considering a nursing home video sales targets for the elderly audience.
Ruby also said to live in that Tokuyama is finishing a deal to broadcast some movies USA.
Japan has the highest elderly population live more than 65 countries in the world.
Ruby live adult video also said that going to meet the demands of an aging Japanese society.
That Tokuyama said that friends are envious of his career gateun recognized their value.
I hope to do this by Tokuyama 80 years beyond that.
He said it would do its best to do this until the end.
Wimbledon champion Rafael Nadal (Spain) 27 (Reuters) - A man held in Toronto, Canada&#39;s professional tennis (ATP) Masters Series Rogers Cup singles championship finals after defeating Nicolas Kiefer (Germany) 2-0 (6-36-2) in the won.
Yeonpa Federer Roger Federer at the French Open and Wimbledon finals this season majors and has 29 continues the winning streak.
Federer was beaten in the first round to Simon (France) to be in the first round of the Rogers Cup. Simon was a keeper in the tournament semi-finals.
Federer has since February 2004, adhering to world No. 1 spot.
Since 2005, the top 37 world rankings for the first time keeper right on the ATP Tour Finals has failed to follow even just three times in the first set Federer matdaegyeol of the season.
US Food and Drug Administration (Food and Drug Administration, FDA) is &quot;is related to a Mexican jalapeño and serrano peppers with salmonella occurred&quot; on the 25th (local time), he said.
Mexican official said, &quot;but the FDA has announced that the Mexican Hala phenothiazine pepper contaminated with salmonella, not yet discovered this fact,&quot; he said.
Mexican National Health and Agri-food Quality Service &quot;has sent a letter from Mexico to the United States passed a concern and strong protest about the decisions of this government,&quot; Enrique Sanchez, representative of the (National Sanitation and Farm Food Quality Service, NSFFQS) is the 25th and He said.
Sanchez accused &quot;the US Food and Drug Administration a decision no scientific basis will give a serious blow to the Mexican economy.&quot;
The FDA announced that it has found salmonella in a jalapeño shipped from Egg Ricola spot test (Agricola Zarigosa) distributors in southern Texas Meg Allen, the region imported jalapeño in Mexico.
FDA is &quot;to present the results tracked victims Station to food intake, has been found to be contaminated jalapeño is Mexican,&quot; he said.
FDA Food Safety Commissioner David aechin Basin &quot;Dr. authorities built the distributors decided not occur because it is the source of a large amount of pepper shipments from the distributors,&quot; he said.
Dr. Acheson &quot;By backtracking path, pepper production in Mexico and the United States is not associated with the cause of the infection,&quot; he said.
However, a spokesman for the Mexican Embassy jumi Ricardo Al Day said, &quot;of continuing the investigation in progress.&quot;
Al Day &quot;Mexico has ended an investigation of Mexican jalapeño pepper FDA Mexico mountains hoping to give the US authorities to refrain from further announcement until he definitely found that the cause of the infection,&quot; he said.
Central Meteorological Agency explained that to the &#39;pungwong &quot;struck central Taiwan on the 28th and eastern regions continue if the current course of.
&quot;Pungwong&quot; was located in a distance of 289km to the southeast at 27 pm central Taiwan Hualien.
The same effect Hualien has rained for 27 days accompanied by strong winds.
The attractions of each tarot gorge, police said one man wounded by a landslide.
Keelung in northern Taiwan contains huge waves and strong winds pushed together subaekcheok of fishing vessels are tied in the harbor.
Although Beijing has implemented a car a week before the first sip to the improvement of air was bad enough day, not less than 1km distance visible in some areas of Beijing.
Beijing Olympic Village opened the door the day came in sight in the only Olympic Green Park.
Air pollution is coming has been recognized as an urgent problem to be solved first from the front opening of the Beijing Olympics on August 8 bar.
Two environmental director dwaetjiman the standby state of the Beijing haze phenomenon in the fog and dust mixed with the atmosphere worse than this time a year ago, said contamination jyeotdago like 20%.
Both Commissioner argued that &quot;our mission is to reduce as much as possible the air pollution in Beijing,&quot; he said. &quot;But at this time Beijing has often puts the fog.&quot;
Some of Olympic athletes have already arrived in Beijing, but most players are expected to arrive in Beijing this week.
These players have a final training in Beijing is serious air pollution damage in Japan and Korea.
Neela old Lindbergh International Olympic Committee (IOC) vice &quot;but the situation is not good, a little fine atda Yesterday&quot; and &quot;22, arrived in Beijing has been the worst,&quot; he said.
Western India Ahmedabad bombings occurred, killing at least 49 and said local police on the 27th (local time) that more than 114 people injured.
In India, major metropolitan Emergency gyeonggyeryeong immediately after the bomb was made.
The investigation officer of the case of MN ragel called &quot;violence after the explosions did not occur,&quot; he &quot;engaged in military and police and paramilitary patrol in the city center and are also residents cooperate,&quot; he said.
In this day in Ahmedabad has all the explosions occurred 17 times the bomb exploded 70 minutes apart from the 10km radius.
The death toll so far has increased to 49 people.
According to the Ahmedabad police claimed that 114 people can be injured but able to stand the injuries that ragel over 200 people.
Ahmedabad accident has happened nine times over two explosions bar in Bangalore, known as India&#39;s Silicon Valley, the day before.
2 people died in the blast and six were wounded.
Meanwhile, Indian police said dwaetdago bikes, boxes, lunch boxes are available in two attacks in both cities.
Is perforated by a cylinder blast in a passenger plane in flight equal to investigation results Australian authorities have sent a memorandum to the national airlines were required to inspect all oxygen bottles of the Boeing 747.
Since the explosion Khan dozen aircraft had to be 25 (Reuters) emergency landing in the Philippines.
Australia&#39;s national communications reported that &quot;was required to check the Private Security Agency (The Civil Aviation Safety Authority, CSA) is a membership Khan Tasman Air Boeing 74 730 oxygen bottles and oxygen bottles stand.&quot;
AAP Telecommunications (Australia Associated Press) is &quot;The authorities could have a fire on board signs guessing the likely cause of the explosion of oxygen bottles are placed there where the oxygen bottles to buy an explosion happened,&quot; he said.
Explosion at the time of the accident aircraft was carrying 346 passengers, it was flying from Melbourne to London.
The pressure and altitude of the aircraft went down.
The crew had raised the altitude of the aircraft from 8840m to 3048m was landed the aircraft safely to the Manila International Airport, Philippines.
Emergency was also place an oxygen mask.
Passengers said gatatdago ears would explode because of the low altitude rapidly descending aircraft.
One passenger was &quot;a big bang&quot; and &quot;did not know that somewhere in a hole, I knew what is happening,&quot; he said.
An anonymous US Transportation Security Administration official &quot;investigation in this case is not related to terrorism,&quot; he said.
The official said &quot;the cause of the accident was the result inspect the landing the plane seems to be due to mechanical failure.&quot;
Official &quot;US Transportation Security Administration in Manila and cooperate with the investigation,&quot; he said.
International Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) has dispatched investigators to the site NTSB spokesman: &quot;This incident has nothing to do with terrorism,&quot; he said.
Drunks were two women in the UK have accidents beak a riot in charter flights. Police said they hit the crew flask of vodka from 10,000 m over 26 days to open a plane door said (Reuters).
Police in a statement. &quot;This was the plane was operated 24 days in Greece to the UK crew Rather sit in the seat to force them to pilot the plane had an emergency landing in Frankfurt, Germany,&quot; he said.
Police did not disclose the woman 26 years old and 27-year-old female identities of the Burin haengpae on board 26-year-old is said to be charged with attempted assault and air traffic disturbances.
The police released all of the two women.
Police denied, but the women drunken crew needs to drink danghaja said beolyeotdago the same riots.
26-year-old woman is hit down the cabin crew vodka flask was open plane door.
Police &quot;seems to have considered the women&#39;s 26-year-old fresh air,&quot; he said in a statement.
Police said a drunk behind the measure immediately arrested the two women at the Frankfurt airport.
The plane headed back to Manchester, England, stayed behind for about 1 hour at Frankfurt Airport.
In Istanbul, killing 28 am (local time) terrorist explosions that occurred 15 people and wounded two government officials said more than 150 people.
Muan-Mer rolled Istanbul Governor provisions of this bombing as a terrorist and said, &quot;There were two explosive devices are off to 15m distance.&quot;
He said, &quot;After the explosion, flash grenades to attract the attention was first bomb exploded one after another,&quot; he said.
1 dog bomb was exploded in a garbage can at the time.
Roll Governor said that investigations undertaken the responsibility for this bombing incident.
Turkey&#39;s state-run news japereu Cara Cork communication DHA said, &quot;one after another every 10 minutes from Rennes gungo explosion took place.&quot;
The firefighters were on the scene, dozens of the wounded were transported by ambulance after the explosion.
The glass particles may spread to India, he broke the glass door shop.
It took the bodies to rectify the ambulance arrived.
Reporter at the scene reported the appearance of tourists and locals gathered around the square are many more evening traffic jams.
El Haya also rejep type tee gotta adviser during the between Turkish Prime Minister said that &quot;150 people were admitted to hospital.&quot;
He who was the first explosion occurred gotta rushes into place following the explosion, said the number of casualties increased.
The authorities asked us to evacuate in an orderly fashion to the worker job gungo floor residence Rennes residents of Istanbul.
Andrew pingkel CNN reporter said, &quot;the accident was a residential district to buy the general public.&quot;
It was a rabbi to manage the &#39;Western Wall&#39; in Jerusalem, Israeli media released the US Democratic presidential candidate Senator Barack Obama&#39;s prayer note was condemned blasphemy.
Obama visited the Western Wall in the Holy Land on the 24th in the morning (local time) and put the plug in a handwritten prayer notes between the walls of the convention where visitors break.
Israeli daily &#39;Ma&#39;rib&#39; (Ma&#39;ariv) has reported the contents of my eojin Obama&#39;s prayer note after the herd from the wall.
Ma&#39;rib one seminary student said Obama sent a prayer to the newspaper notes.
Robert Gibbs, Obama&#39;s camp spokesman did not confirm or deny whether Obama&#39;s prayer note.
&#39;Western Wall&#39; manager, Seymour El Vino La Vits said in a statement. &quot;The desecration of sacred acts can be said to be worth said acrimonious accusations would have desecrated the Holy Land,&quot; he said.
He said, &quot;the two-time Jewish New Year a year, Roche Hashanah (Ro h Ha hanah) &#39;and the removal prayer notes in the Western Wall Passover&quot; and &quot;is preserved prayer notes in the hidden storage so that people can see.&quot; he said.
La Vino Witz is &quot;prayer notes in the Western Wall were some people that God put you connect with people or reads a prayer Friday useful actions elsewhere,&quot; he said.
Female sexual function disorders in the United States is really unfortunate.
Unlike the men and women there is no approved drugs so that you can take.
Sleep just follow the rules, a maximum of how medicine can suggest is attached to the suction line to the consultation and the clitoris, or simply physical therapy for quality.
How do these three women Viagra does not?
Joanne (pseudonym, 26) It is this that I want to know.
He is a nurse at the Cleveland Clinic (Cleveland Clinic) who suffer from hypoactive sexual desire for eight years.
Joan has had to ask for help to the gynecology consult the doctor had suggested Bora and psychiatrist.
Psychiatrist Joanne said, blaming antidepressants. Experts &quot;antidepressant makes the loss of libido 30% to 50% in women receiving treatment,&quot; he said.
Joanne is &quot;psychiatrists are only just seemed a little shrug,&quot; said, &quot;he just said one of unimportance only a side effect of the drug,&quot; he said.
Then one day came the fate of the sex life of Joan me.
It lost the antidepressant he was taking effect no longer a psychiatrist had prescribed a new medication.
But it did not completely did not even close to perfect.
He had sexual excitement may have, but did not feel the orgasm.
Went back to the doctor to find several results, Joanne was left to their Euro gynecologist of the Cleveland Clinic.
It is a hard road meolgodo women are receiving assistance on sexual issues.
Dr. Sharon Parish School of Medicine, Albert Einstein (Albert Einstein School) to treat sexual dysfunction in women is &quot;presently there are a lot of areas are left&quot; and &quot;do not know whether or how many doctors are,&quot; he said.
If you want help with sexual problems, it is a great way to make a suggestion of a doctor.
Joan said, &quot;If I did not like actively jump on this issue, I would still have been in the same place.&quot;
Here are the treatments for sexual dysfunction with a view to discuss with the doctor.
Erection, such as Viagra, Levitra, Cialis out of the
This type of drug is because it received the approval of the FDA only for men the biggest failure of women to find a doctor that will prescribe medication.
Doctors and be honest advice.
The unauthorized state, ask your doctor if there are doctors that will prescribe the medicines.
To inform him that we understand that the drug is not approved instantly tell women about the risks and benefits of the medication.
The testosterone
Naturally it arises as to both women and men testosterone makes it increases libido.
However, the synthetic testosterone drug is approved only for men.
The FDA did not test ahniramyeo it is completely finished for women in 2004 approved the use of testosterone women first.
We know that taking Viagra or testosterone, and you want this applied not do drugs your doctor has not been revealed but it is all risk and ask your risks and benefits damaging to women.
3. arginine
Some doctors may suggest using a cream with arginine.
Arginine makes to increase blood flow to the blood as a kind of amino acid.
Rove Dr. ryueo is &quot;Arginine functions such as Viagra,&quot; said &quot;there is a resulting effect was a patient tries to take,&quot; he said.
Stress relief hubs
Cornice Bug Doctor goes with Ashton to patients suffering from gender issues, and would recommend stress relief hubs such as milk vetch Astragalus genus Panax Ginseng.
Licorice is also great, to relieve stress, but doctors said they need to just measure the potassium levels in the body.
Roman Empire in AD 117 the emperor Hadrian, who took office was unstable political situation in excessive military expansion.
Currently, one of the &quot;Hadrian Empire and War&quot; exhibition Hadrian measures taken for the first time is going to show the visitor a look that made to withdraw troops from Iraq Mesopotamian region.
The exhibition will be held under the July 24 (Reuters) deep impression classic British Museum Reading Room of the circular vault.
Hadrian was born in Rome, the Spanish noble birth.
Top emperor Hadrian in Rome, to the imperial centralization and build an empire has expanded its territory.
The exhibition has shown that many people attended achieve great success to see the exhibition scale and novelty items.
Visitors will see a giant statue of the emperor Hadrian, a piece of a full five meters tall found in south-central Turkey Recently source Sagala village for the first time.
Now that &quot;a year ago the statue was buried in the ground,&quot; he said &quot;The findings as evidence of Roman history was not the dust does not end yet, we show that still there is the ability to recall the past and evaluation.&quot;
The exhibition will be on display together 180 artefacts from the data obtained from 31 of 11 countries.
Now that &quot;this thing is not easy,&quot; he said
He added said that &quot;the exhibits can be appreciated only for just three months.&quot; &quot;Very old stuff can exhibit director of the battalion was in the house and got in and requires very careful handling can not be moved about attending.&quot;
Germany&#39;s highest peak, is one of the weights to be locked keusyu landscape where the most beautiful in Europe.
The costs illusion that rises to the top of the mountain to the height of 2956m above sea level to be locked your weight keusyu German population of 82 million people is placed in the highest position.
Looking at the south of the additional costs to be locked keusyu the illusion that you are the conductor leads the symphony. Looking at the left and right at the top of the mountain stretched a long mountainous Alps.
Chu keusyu to be locked is again located in the border area between Germany and Austria.
Prior to European integration has had to show a passport to cross the mountain.
The lift of the two countries is also one of the features to be locked rise to additional keusyu normal.
Austria was the first to install the cable car to the weight to be locked keusyu Germans had installed the rails so that the train can go up a gear far beneath the top of the mountain in 1931.
Today, across the border climbs toward the garden area without any German or Austrian relations and can enjoy the beautiful scenery of the weight keusyu to be locked.
The summit has placed gotta restaurants, shops and telescope makes entertain tourists.
In the past, had to go to the other side of the observatory must accept that some of the inconveniences that might stamp the passport to exchange money at a mark Schilling.
But the procedure is gone, the locals pride when passing the border remains unchanged.
Chu keusyu views of the summit is to be locked, so there is no big difference between the Austrian and German Which is better to say difficult.
Every summer workers are installing reflectors on 975 m² of space in order to prevent melting glaciers to global warming.
As when the metal material of the ski lift tower is a known fact that absorb heat to keep the ice being used as reflectors.
Free mobile communications services, Sly Dial New Releases are usually omit the call tone sounds to listen to go to voicemail, and or sometimes avoiding the difficult situation the other party &#39;ll get a call from the other side, which was directly connected to the voice mailbox of the other phones as a service, you do not have to talk to the other party is a feature that allows you to get through the awkward moment.
Pressing the home phone or the person&#39;s cell phone number you want to call, press the phone to (267) SLY-DIAL After a short ad Sly Dial users pay an activation fee unless to 0.5 dollars (about 500 won) to skip the ad, party It gives the right to connect to the voicemail.
Then the recipient will also receive voicemail notification comes up, sometimes the caller&#39;s number to the number in the party missed phone.
Move America Boston-based telecommunications company, Gavin spicy punished, co-founder of mobile Spear slide the dial is said not only love will be very useful used in a complex business world, &quot;everyone is moving directly to voicemail without having to talk to one other person the experience at least once hoped would have been. &quot; He said.
Indeed, &quot;juveniles at Cincinnati Service &#39;(At Your Service Cincinnati) Nora Rubin-off (45) which operates four said it&#39;s very useful to all slides Dial business and personal situations.
Nora Rubin off is to customers who wish to leave herself covering a notification message via a slide dial.
He said, &quot;I was really convenient.&quot; &quot;If my husband on a business trip or a trip to the time difference between different regions, and even leave messages for a slider dial to call the revelation of the time they do not interfere with your husband,&quot; he said.
Spicy server co-founder, said the idea of a slide dial out when developing a mobile voicemails sent related services sphere to lower international roaming charges.
The company has carried out individual test steps of the slider dial March, has secured approximately 5,000 users to date.
It will provide services to all users over 21 (Reuters) - Beta testing phase.
However, there are limitations to this service.
Current slide the dial is available only in the United States and a prepaid cell phone can not use the service.
Spicy making, &quot;slide the dial to people do not abuse the service can only be used with the Caller ID feature on their mobile phones just active,&quot; he said.
The car of the future in front of glass owl glasses because it can produce the illusion can be an obstacle to safe driving.
Institute of General Motors (GM) have developed a laser that tells what is happening on the road in real-time, infrared sensor, the camera-equipped car windshield.
Although still in the research stage up to commercialization of this technology doendamyeo it can be a useful means to drivers than ever before.
65 years or older population in the United States means that the driver struggling to secure a two-fold increase visibility when driving up over the last 20 years continue to increase.
GM side again by using this technology, emphasized that it will not happen to work the car collides with a tree.
Help the obstacles of the road in the windshield can more clearly see objects that are not listed in the form of information on the screen.
For example, the weather was foggy and the laser emits a blue line on the windshield, the line is still shine on the road.
Also, when driving at night infrared sensor to capture the people or animals on the road and pray to notify the driver quickly the position.
This technique is available because it shines when stimulated from the ultraviolet transparent coating attached to the windshield.
This sensor gives only identify the exact position of the car on the road currently runs another device are jugido to confirm that you did not analyze the driver&#39;s head and eye movement image appears distorted on the windshield.
Kamal were abducted by gunmen in the alleys of Baghdad, when some 16 years.
Since the real horror began after the kidnapping.
Kamal said, &quot;I noticed that the homosexual reports that the kidnappers were bare chest hair shaved after the jacket.&quot;
Kamal for the trials of the past painful Dawn 2005 &quot;If you are not kidnappers were referred to as having to take off their clothes in order to rape was right to kill&quot; and &quot;was the worst moment in his life,&quot; said heuneukkimyeo.
Kamal &quot;They watched the process of trying to rape naked&quot; and &quot;I do not know what to do implored different&#39;ll have to enter all of the requirements to the family, please do not,&quot; he said.
However, his request was ignored suffered &quot;moment two kidnappers were dressed beotgiryeo is forced to show the three beasts they tackled trying to tear my limbs,&quot; he said.
He dwaetgo detained 15 days, the family was released just come off paying a ransom of $ 1,500. He was raped daily for 15 days.
Kamal &quot;There is only one chance to talk to family for being detained, but they are assaulted every day for the family could not bear to say danghaetdago the rape&#39;m so shame.&quot;
CNN is not what you want to live as homosexuals in Iraq was covering the current 18 to Kamal and his close friend Rami (21).
But coming out as gay in Iraq is also synonymous with death or torture.
Two men rarely see each other&#39;s emotions in public, find a gay chat room in an internet cafe in Baghdad spends time with homosexuals in Iraq or elsewhere.
Since the fall of Saddam Hussein&#39;s ruling in 2003, the situation of homosexuals in Iraq was getting worse.
Human rights officials caution that &quot;many gay harassment strung Hussein in power at the time they were the target of violence,&quot; he said.
Lesbians are also doegin the victim of assault and harassment, but much more severe cases of male homosexuals.
I can not know that you have suffered several homosexuals were killed by militants in the lawless streets of Iraqi cities by this time.
However, some websites were used to reveal the picture of the Iraqi people who have been killed because homosexuals.
Attention of the UN Human Rights official report saying homosexuals are being treated very cruel, but need the protection of Iraqi law and questioned Iraq to assault.
The report says that &quot;the Armed Islamic groups and militias have known that a particularly hostile to homosexuals, such as grab a vigorous campaign frequently and has never been homosexuals were murdered.&quot;
He says that &quot;according militia has reportedly threatened to kill his family if one does not have to kill yourself over to the families of gay homosexual family&quot;.
The UN recently announced report on this in 2006.
The New Testament manuscripts, some of the existing top (最 古) to disclose it going through the first 24 (Reuters) - Internet Kane had impressed the modern man.
The British Library is expected to unveil a &#39;Codex Sinai itty Syracuse (Codex Sinaiticus)&#39; written in the fourth century Greek manuscript through the website (www.codex-sinaiticus.net).
Mark&#39;s Gospel and the Psalms of the Old Testament, The New Testament was published on the 24th Internet.
The period in which the entire manuscript published on-line is expected to take one year.
Translation of Codex Sinai itty Syracuse for a long time but can be used in many places was able to access all the digital imaging to disclose sources came mostly academic study in detail only in so far as the public online.
When the operation of the web site starts you can see the image the original page by page gotta have a translation into English and German biblical text links contained information.
Search functionality will be available.
British Library Western Manuscripts representative Scott Mac Kendrick curator &quot;was included also the world&#39;s leading New Testament manuscripts wangyeolpyeon,&quot; he said.
Codex Sinai was itty Syracuse has also included some of the Old Testament as well as the entire New Testament. The original had packed a professional Christian Bible.
Manuscripts were also included in the Bible 14 kinds of abduction of a controversial except gotta In the Protestant Bible, the Old Testament.
Barnabas correspondence and Herzegovina Mas shepherd letter of the Christian personality also enter here.
The British Library has launched a digital work of manuscripts created in 1600 around three years ago. The four countries share a page-by-page manuscript was involved in this work.
Photographer to raise the entire manuscript on the Internet in the United Kingdom, Russia, Germany and Egypt have filmed it with a digital camera.
Digitizing the body is an important objective, but windfall for scientists is to allow access to all Codex Sinai itty Syracuse.
Manuscripts will be translated into Russian and modern Greek as the last operation.
Designer Ross Love globe are inspired by nature has given the US (美) on a day-to-day things did not try streetlights meantime idea.
Energy-intensive lighting is also literally figuratively also going to transform into environmentally friendly and has been built in the surrounding streets.
Love innovative lighting projects &#39;(Solar Tree) Solar Tree&#39; is a globe street lights powered by solar power will also play a role in contemporary art and nature to enlighten the everyday gray urban landscape.
He is believed to be beneficial to the entire Leaving built complex natural shape to the urban community.
&#39;Solar Tree&#39; was designed with 10 branches and tree trunks with impressive green solar panels.
Love Globe &quot;does not have any life when most of the street lights are turned off,&quot; &quot;The street is nicer when it is turned off,&quot; he said.
He &quot;breathed a park bench looking at life in a different street lamp old streetlight discover more vitality that does not work above,&quot; he said.
Last October, Applied Art Museum (Museum of Applied Arts), and poured a great rave reviews at the time you first install a streetlight in the ring Strasse (Ringstrasse) Vienna, Austria as a joint venture.
Even if you do not receive direct solar heat during the four days that the street lights installed in the empty gotta played a role effectively as the Solar Tree street lights.
Solar Tree was built in Austria for the first time since being installed I&#39;m in an empty world&#39;s largest open on the Champs-Elysees, Frankfurt, Germany, the Scala Square, Paris, France in Milan, Italy, famous streets of Europe lights exhibition, &#39;Light And Building 2008 (Light + Building 2008)&#39; .
New Zealand court, the name of the 9-year-old girl who received the protection of the government&#39;s other Lula Traders More hula peureom Hawaii (Talula Does the Hula From Hawaii, riding Lula dances Hawaiian hula), the Redesign has made the unusual decision Zealand state-run news agency reported on Sunday (May 24).
Rob Murray Pete Judge of the Family Court had issued a ruling that the list of strange names for children and parents jieojun &quot;These strange names can be an obstacle to raising a child.&quot;
New Zealand Press Association quoted the words of Pete Murray Judge, reported that &quot;children with unusual names are nolrimgam grow is to have the incompetence and failure in social life.&quot;
Mercure feet while the judge pointed out the name named after the cigarette brand name &quot;Twins named Benson and Hedges (twins named Benson and Hedges, twins with Benson and Hedges named), &#39;vial Lawrence (Violence, violence),&#39; Number 16 sweteo bus and the like (number 16 bus Shelter, 16 bus destination).
The media have reported that some parents even if you build your child&#39;s name to the name of the six-cylinder engine Ford vehicles.
New Zealand born of, death, marriage registrar (Registrar General of Births, Deaths and Marriages) said in a statement, &quot;food,&quot; Fish and Chips (Fish and Chips) &#39;, nominees&#39; For Detroit (Yeah Detroit) &#39;,&#39; Stahl Leone ( stallion, stallion (種 馬))
The &#39;other peureom Hawaii Hula Lula Traders More&#39; lawyer said, &quot;was to embarrass a child called &#39;K (K)&#39; from friends.&quot;
Will, despite concerns that major Internet communications companies in the UK are able to restrain the freedom of Internet users and cooperate with the illegal music and movie downloading regulated by the government and co.
UK Press Association (PA) has reported that this plan is intended to regulate the approximately 650 people who download the last illegal in the UK over the next five years in the music industry damages caused by illegal downloads are expected to reach 2 billion US dollars (about 2.0001 trillion won) did.
In accordance with the new regulations, people who illegally downloaded the most it will receive a notice that the illegal downloading behavior is discovered and monitored.
According to reports, a more robust measures may also restrict Internet access plan.
The PA is with &quot;British Telecom (BT), Virgin Media (Virgin Media), Orange (Orange), Thijs Carly (Tiscali), a non-Sky Clouds (BSkyB), Carphone Warehouse (Carphone Warehouse), including six major carriers agreed agreed to improve the regulation of such information ophthalmic legitimate file-sharing services, &quot;he said.
British newspaper The Times of London (London Times) &quot;People who ignore the warnings and illegal downloading can limit their internet connection speed to prevent the exchange of large files and the online monitoring target,&quot; he said.
British singer rights organization representing the music you peer syaki of Rights (British Music Rights) said, &quot;This action is an Internet communications company, the music industry, government egen uncertain challenges.&quot;
Chinese police have uncovered an international terrorist group was planning a terrorist plot on the Olympic Stadium in Shanghai, state media reports said that 24 (local time).
Xinhua did not disclose specific information with regard to terrorism or simulated information on terrorist groups disclosed as reported, citing Chen Shanghai oolong not the end of jurisdiction of the Public Security Bureau Deputy Director of Security had been caught in the terrorism information organization.
Chinese authorities have announced that it will focus on terrorism crackdown to be held during the preparation of the opening of the Summer Olympic Games in Beijing, the main stadium and other arenas, special economic zones in Shanghai bar.
Chinese police said two weeks ago caught the western Xinjiang Uygur terrorist simulation of the Olympic Games, China is suspected (新疆 維吾爾) Autonomous terrorist groups 5 places.
Xinhua caught 82 suspects in terror crackdown measures for six months and reported that Chinese authorities have finished the first stage of the Chinese Olympic security defenses.
Chinese analysts of the human rights organization Human Rights Watch (Human Rights Watch) was concerned that the use of the Olympics to crack down on dissidents.
Nicholas bay kerin Human Rights Watch said, &quot;It is certain that Chinese police are included in this crackdown to think that people involved in activities that criticized the Chinese system.&quot;
Entebbe kerin is &quot;not the Chinese government presented no evidence of a terrorist plot and arrested on the basis of the received statement by force all the people who are caught from these details,&quot; he said.
He added, &quot;The Chinese government&#39;s crackdown ties to criminal acts and cases involving terrorism and subversive.&quot;
The International Olympic Committee (IOC) banned the Olympic Games in Beijing for having the Iraqi government and political intervention in sport.
The IOC Jassim Mohammed Jafar sent a letter of the same information to the Iraqi Youth and Sports Minister Ali Mohsen Oh Smiley Iraq Ministerial Adviser of the Secretary-General.
IOC this letter senior officials sent by the two names, &quot;conveys the meaning of deep regret about the decision that the harm to the Iraqi representative delegation Iraqi Olympic and Sports Movement (Iraqi Olympic and Sports Movement, IOSM)&quot; and &quot;Unfortunately, Beijing was forced to ban the situation in Iraq Olympic side, &quot;he said.
The move is due to vote for a proposal to stop the ability of the Iraqi National Olympic Committee last May by the Iraqi government and the temporary transfer of the rights and Youth and Sports.
Iraq&#39;s government is not feasible to operate a national Olympic committee which was considered to be endangered because of the Iraqi sports.
The Iraqi government has said the officers who hold office for more than five years in the national Olympic Committee had held a General Assembly committee without a quorum one-year term.
The Iraqi government has pointed out, most of the officers are not the viscosity of Iraqi origin.
IOC spokeswoman Emmanuelle Moreau and replace the officers elected in June as government personnel ICO did not recognize said dwaetdago stop the qualification of the Iraqi National Olympic Committee.
Moreau spokesman &quot;was proposed to solve this problem, the IOC headquarters in Lausanne, Switzerland, to the Iraqi government,&quot; he said.
But the Iraqi government has not responded to this proposal.
Moreau spokesman &quot;turned the roster deadline to compete in archery, the Iraqi government 23 days, guided, rowing, weightlifting,&quot; he said.
He said, &quot;If you put return intact the National Olympic Committee of Iraq by the Iraqi government can participate in this Olympic athlete who competed in track and field.&quot;
Track and field athletes kkajida registration deadline is the last day of the month.
US Democratic presidential candidate Senator Barack Obama is the 24th (local time), once emblematic of the massive crowd in Berlin, Germany region was &quot;making a new wall between the United States and its allies are dangerous,&quot; he stressed.
Obama &quot;has been proven to be the world saw that the people coming down of the Berlin Wall history of the unification is the biggest challenge&quot; in seungjeontap in teaching tier Berlin Park and Tensilica he said.
&quot;The fall of the Berlin Wall brought new hope.&quot; &quot;But between countries are very close intimacy has brought new risks that can not be included in the same territory or territorial waters,&quot; he said.
Obama stressed, &quot;The 21st century, from terrorism to global warming, genocide is to get out of all the people of the country cope with the face of new challenges.&quot;
&quot;The division is not dwaeseon&quot; and &quot;any powers or not be settled exclusively by the same challenges, nor can evade responsibility when you come across the same problem may deny these threats,&quot; he said.
Obama stressed that &quot;the greatest danger is that we divide into new walls.&quot;
Obama claimed that &quot;participation in the war on terrorism in Europe and the United States and should be wiped out the sources of extremism that supports terrorism.&quot;
He said, &quot;If you can win the fight against the communists, we can also do the major Muslim to reject extremism to bring hatred instead of hope,&quot; he said.
Even if not the New York Yankees catcher Jorge Posada returned the following season, fast and want to finish the season without surgery.
However catcher if he plays the rest of the season is unable to active status.
New York Mets physician Dr. David Alf check recommended Monday (June 22) to a shoulder surgery Posada came up on the disabled list (DL) over two times this season.
Posada was atda shoulder labrum ligament around the worn through to the finals before receiving MRI scans of Minnesota teuwinjeu is determined.
He missed more than one month this season with right shoulder rotator cuff injury.
Posada ohreumyeo in 21 days, DL &quot;rose to a 15-day DL to determine whether surgery,&quot; said &quot;After watching the rehabilitation will determine whether or not surgery,&quot; he said.
Posada is one game remaining capped a nalryeotjiman impossible to name a full-time catcher, built over 14 years of big league debut until last season Catcher state.
He &quot;decided to rehabilitation to be a boon to the team,&quot; &quot;not the only problems the team is full of problems,&quot; he said.
Yankees team also agreed with his decision elect a rehabilitation rather than surgery.
3 8 6 Punta Lee batting average, home runs in 168 at-bats this year to two lift, Posada has left a poor record of 22 RBIs. &quot;When wielding the bat, but this is not the same old pain throwing,&quot; he said.
Posada will be sold in rehabilitation while throwing exclude the practice and will decide after seeing the condition of the shoulder after surgery.
To refrain from asking about a person&#39;s salary.
The same Beijing also asked the age for foreign visitors to China during the Olympics.
Questions about the other&#39;s love are also bad.
Are etiquette guidelines to residents for dialogue with these matters when we met the next month Paralympic athletes and foreigners during the Olympics being held in Beijing.
Beijing city authorities said that the recommendations set out in the Marketing Department at East chenggu written to the Chinese law posters to educate residents during the Olympics is suitably welcome visitors.
East chenggu There are Tiananmen Square and the Forbidden City.
In addition, there is the Beijing Workers Stadium during the Games to be held 24 days from August 8 where the bouts are held.
The chapters 1 poster forms the main content &quot;dialogue with the international etiquette.&quot;
This poster has been instructed not to the locals to foreigners age, salary, yeonaesa, health, income, political views, religion, etc. The question is not private.
Beijing municipal government spokeswoman Wang party ohjing Monday (August 23) said, &quot;These questions are usually the things that foreigners in China, but are reluctant to answer these questions.&quot;
Ohjing party spokesman said: &quot;Local residents educated these details will be more sociable to talk with visitors.&quot;
There are other posters precautions when speaking with disabilities.
Locals avoid expressions such as &quot;over there&quot; to the visually impaired, or &quot;in the Beyond&quot; is to represent and physical disabilities &quot;behind you&quot;.
But it turned out that not only the fish are useful scientifically.
Scientists are uncovering even the development of the first utterance of animals, fish naeneunji study how the sound through the nervous system, and including humans.
The majority of animals are communicating with voice. Birds chirping and, the frog cries, blows the whistle whales.
Researchers from the ssayieonseu (Science) has announced the latest issue &quot;Comparing the neural network of the various kinds of vertebrates, making a sound that makes hinted that started from ancient fish.&quot;
Professor Andrew Barth &quot;means that the fish has only the language of his or superior to that with brain function as neural or nerve cells of some very primitive,&quot; he said
Professor Barth said, &quot;had originated from millions of years before the fish neurological underpinnings of language.&quot;
Barth &quot;to communicate in the most simple manner Cub Todd fish is not as complex as a mammal or a bird that sounds.&quot; &quot;But fish have the most straightforward order to study the nervous system to produce a sound.&quot; He said.
The researchers found two main reasons making a sound.
First distances will hum male to attract the female to the nest, the second is said to be making a sound like a growl threatening to defend the nest area.
Bunch was looking for the bear to feed the Kamchatka Peninsula in Russia ate the two people in the hundreds of geologists and miners that have not come out yet, even from Bear Bunch 23 (Reuters) - Russian news agency reported.
Itar-Tass reported that the woman 30 Kamchatka bears some kind of grizzly bears quoting local officials, horses while looking for food around the platinum mines in the last 17 days 2 where two people attacked the guards.
Current portion 400 of the bears attacked this fear has not come back to town in the mines. Itar-Tass reported nagandago bear the weight when the size exceeds the 3m stood two feet more than 700kg.
Bears more than 10 horses may go to find fish and food waste from around the furnace Kylie town.
Itar-Tass reported that hunters will be dispatched to find people, killed and chased the bear attacked the words of Victor swikin to the city officials.
Swikin is to &quot;annihilate they should be attacked by a bear&quot; and &quot;bears can once again be attacked when attacked people again,&quot; he said.
Recently, the Kamchatka tundra to bear became prey shortage becomes rampant poaching fish also come forward to find other prey, such as food scraps.
This area has the population density in a very low, but happens frequently that bears attack people.
The media reported that four people hurt and damage such as landslides after another outage to occur on the 24th morning of the magnitude 6.8 earthquake in northern Japan.
US Geological Survey (USGS) is the epicenter of the earthquake, 26 minutes AM 0 said point 80km away south of Morioka in the eastern Honshu.
Four people were injured in the quake continued for 40 seconds, thousands of households were power outages were caused landslides.
NHK broadcast news, but the injured 20 people in the northern region reported there was no injured enough to risk lives.
USGS earthquake has separated into the depth of the earthquake epicenter is said to be the observable dwaetdago 111㎞.
In general, it can lower the epicenter of the earthquake near the Earth&#39;s surface more stronger vibration cause more damage than the ground below the surface.
Japan&#39;s Meteorological Agency said there was seunami risk.
On the other hand, Iwate Prefecture In the 14th month in a magnitude 7.2 earthquake killed at least 10 people to 200 people were injured.
In a secluded resort with crumbling day the earthquake in Miyagi Prefecture, 12 people were missing.
Oil prices went down by about 4 US dollars to 23 (local time), the first slowdown in consumption due to high oil prices, concerns and recession early last month plunged to 125 US dollars per barrel.
The day September delivery of West Texas Intermediate (WTI) price trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange (NYMEX) closed the trading at $ 124.44 a barrel and fell to their lowest level since the month four days.
Which expires on the 29th August delivery was trading at $ 127.95 a barrel.
The US Department of Energy announced a much higher increase in barrels of 290 barrels more than forecast by the subsidiary energy information provider Platts (Platts) aggregated in a report on last week, gasoline inventories.
Reduced gasoline inventories was lower than expected.
Concerns due to &quot;turn&quot; a hurricane hit the Gulf of Mexico will affect the US oil and natural gas production has disappeared Let&#39;s turn to the landing pad Leh island near the South Texas.
Dollar appreciation also added downward pressure on oil prices.
Recently oil prices have seemed to the skyrocketing uninsured sugeureo $ 150 per barrel.
He heating oil futures in New York Mercantile Exchange (NYMEX) fell 12.8 cents, a record 5.5501 US dollars per gallon, gasoline futures fell 11.26 cents, the deal was closed down to 3.034 per gallon difference.
Natural gas prices fell below $ 10 for the first time since April 1000 fell 27.9 cents to US $ 9.788 per cubic foot.
September delivery Brent crude on London&#39;s futures market hit 125.29 dollars a barrel, down 4.26 dollars.
Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice Monday (August 23) to meet with North Korean Foreign Minister agreed on verification related to nuclear activities.
North forehead high-level talks was first held in four years, even the six-party talks, senior officials from China, Russia, Japan, South Korea held a meeting Wednesday with North Korean denuclearization.
Chinese Foreign Minister Yang Zhang for the Foreign Ministers rotates six countries &quot;were very serious meeting to discuss the direction to be honest and take measures in advance of a major problem,&quot; he said.
&quot;The six countries are essentially demonstrated the political will to promote the six-party talks progress in the talks,&quot; he said.
Rice told reporters, &quot;North Korean Foreign Minister Pak Ui-chun met shared a handshake twice&quot; and &quot;informal talks were a great speech was good but a surprise,&quot; he said.
He &quot;emphasized that all the participating countries that the six-party talks, North Korea is required to go to each one and fulfill its obligations as soon as possible move to the third stage in the nuclear Step 2 phase,&quot; he said.
The United States agreed to exclude North Korea from a US terrorism supported countries.
Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice said, &quot;the six countries were urged to fully implement the verification plan for its nuclear declaration submitted last month to the North.&quot;
The rotation was in talks with individual ASEAN Regional Forum.
Night trauma spokesman for the talks, &quot;but it will only verify the North Korean Foreign night stressed that everyone needs to do a thorough verification to carry out his obligations and monitoring,&quot; he said.
This was a turning informal talks.
Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice and Chinese Foreign Minister Yang Zhang officially announced the six-party talks would soon be held in Beijing soon.
Foreign Minister Yu Myung-hwan was assessed that &quot;was a great opportunity to show that the six-party talks is going to mature&quot; for the talks.
US Democratic presidential candidate Senator Barack Obama 23 (Reuters) - &quot;If Iran is holding nuclear weapons, the Middle East, as well as the attitude of the game situation changes (game-changing situation) is the world,&quot; he said.
Obama said that if Iran holds nuclear weapons, including the country you want to venture to terrorism, other countries may also feel the need to retain nuclear weapons.
He added that there could be terrorist countries have thrust the idle nuclear material on hand.
He visited Israel&#39;s southern derot stressed that &quot;a nuclear Iran is the single most important threat to both Israel and the United States.&quot;
Obama said, &quot;I hope to when electing the president is an emergency constituting the International Committee of the offer to Iran hoeyuchaek and tough measures to dismantle nuclear weapons,&quot; he said.
He said, &quot;to address the potential threat of Iran is a different situation to the other I mentioned would not be taken into consideration.&quot;
HONG KONG The (CNN) juyeonsang actor Tony Leung in the bar received at the Cannes Film Festival raised a wedding at a resort in Bhutan in the Himalayas and on Carina Lau dating for a long time.
Hong Kong Arts Theater director, but the film company Jet Tone (Jet Tone Films) of Wong Kar-wai is a public place and some of them married wedding photographer in charge did not inform more details.
Daily Apple (Apple Daily) has led to the first local priests were weddings and other monks said bulreotdago the anthem.
South China Morning Post (The South China Morning Post) is Leung wore a white suit, Carina Lau is reported to have sustained the traditional Chinese red gown.
AC Milan have dismissed the settings that Chelsea paid a large amount of the fee for Kaka, the Brazilian Football pioneering active in the Italian club.
Yijeokseol Kaka (26) is a British club Chelsea was rife with speculation after signing the Brazilian former World Cup winning coach Luiz Felipe Scolari.
Adviser Diogo second coat of Kaka to the argument that this should be a lot of debt transferred to AC Milan last weekend, Kaka spread to other teams in the yijeokseol Kaka affect markets worldwide.
British media reported the transfer fee will be recording the world&#39;s top 238 million US dollars (about 240 billion won), he said macro-be.
But Galicia Adriano AC Milan vice-president No 22 (Reuters) - &quot;There is never a final proposal met Abramovich for Chelsea recently only nine weeks in summer,&quot; in a statement posted on the official club website he said.
Galliani vice &quot;in Milan Home&quot; offer for Kaka is only embellish the story made the newspapers, &quot;he said&quot; Today will be 1 was 50 million euros Tomorrow the Euro 200 million billion. &quot; He said.
He said, &quot;This is not true at all,&quot; he said &quot;Chelsea, as well as never made such a suggestion in any club.&quot; He strongly denied. .
US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice before meeting with North Korea in Singapore began their talks with Asian officials. The talks between Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice and North Korea is the first meeting with Bush administration officials and North Korea in four years.
Rice is expected in the implementation of the North 23 (Reuters) - North Korean Foreign Minister Pak Ui-chun and individual rotation of the alleged progress in international efforts for the denuclearization of North Korea at the Asian Security Forum (ARF) held in Singapore.
North Korea has received a specific draft of Chapter 4, the amount of the verification system, the report details the major nuclear agreement in the six-party talks.
Countries foreign ministers are traumatic night in the six-party talks, ministers participating countries, including China, Japan, South Korea, Russia expects first dapbyeonreul about it.
The six-party talks, Christopher Hill, Assistant Secretary of the US chief negotiator has said that &quot;North Korea will deliver the instructions to complete the nuclear declaration verification system,&quot; PM 22.
The draft called for inspections of North Korean nuclear facilities, soil sampling, interviews with key nuclear North Korea, scientists, role of UN nuclear inspectors and the like.
Hill is coming to visit the International Atomic Energy Agency in Austria for 25 days short report on North Korean denuclearization progress.
In relation to the ancient temple located on the border of Cambodia and Thailand, the conflict did not resolve the military standoff continued throughout the weekend.
Thai news agency reported that at the end of eight hours of negotiations the two sides agreed only one group countries are gathered in the temple area of Preah bihe does not cause conflict.
The two officials will hold a 27 (Reuters) - Talks back to Cambodia after the general elections to be held.
The two states are requested mediation of South-East Asian countries.
In Singapore, it opens the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) annual meeting of foreign ministers of 10 member states are currently participating.
Cambodia has also sent a letter to the UN Security Council, to urge attention to military confrontation.
It comes the promotion of Islam in September and will be installed in the New York subway.
New York Republican Peter King&#39;s Monday (June 22), &quot;the ad itself is not a problem of people behind him thinks is very Having a problem,&quot; he said.
Peter urged lawmakers rejected the Islamic advertisements at the New York Transit Authority (Metropolitan Transit Authority, MTA).
Ads are expected to be installed in 1,000 subway cars of the management vehicle for a total of approximately 6,200.
State sponsors are the people&#39;s organizations in North America Islamists (Islamic Circle of North America, ICNA).
There simply &quot;the head scarf?&quot; Billboard made of black and white
Or &quot;Prophet Muhammad&quot;, or Islamic dress dot olgeu (WhyIslam.org) will have key words and phrases on Islam inscribed as a Web site address is engraved behind the &quot;You have a right to know.&quot;
Another sponsor of the ad is scheduled to be installed in September that the Shiraz mosque in Brooklyn&#39;s Waha (Siraj Wahhaj) leader and Muslim holidays of Ramadan begins.
However, Rep. King&#39;s Waha in 1993 objected to the nature of the witness was that of the World Trade Center convicted leader Sheikh Omar Abdel Rahman (Sheikh Omar Abde-Rahman) of the bombing.
Rep. King: &quot;He is known as the Islamic extremists&quot; and &quot;Through the well-known national organizations are trying to Build a sinroegwa position,&quot; he said.
In addition, Waha&#39;s climbs to the accomplices 170 list ...... drop from the bombing that occurred in 1993.
Prosecutors said the names of all the people andago itjineun believed to be accomplices.
US media said that no New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg had the idea, such as the King.
Bloomberg: &quot;If you want to defend that converted to Islam and you will be protected by the first amendment of the United States,&quot; he said.
However, Rep. King, noted that the ad will be installed during the 9/11 terrorist attacks seven years mourning period, &quot;will ask you to reject ads installing the MTA sees this problem of freedom of the press not absolute,&quot; he said .
King said in a letter sent you to reject advertisements installed on the 21st night MTA.
Movie &quot;The Dark Knight denied the star, Christian Bale accused of assaulting his mother and sister (Dark Knight) and would cooperate with the police spokeswoman said the veil, 22 (local time).
His publicist has said Vale has not been charged with any crime.
Publicist said in a statement, &quot;Christian Bale was voluntarily appear before a London police station to assist in gyeongchalcheuk received the report are my mother and my sister were beaten to their investigations,&quot; he said.
British media reported that the investigation into whether the battered mother and sister in a hotel in London to film the police Vale &#39;The Dark Knight&#39; premiere day before.
London police spokesman did not disclose the fact that only says 34-year-old men in questions relating to this article is bound by dwaetdaneun assaults name.
Vale spokesman did not say whether the arrested at the time for what he dwaeteot in a statement.
Public Relations Officer in a statement, &quot;Bale has denied the allegations were sufficiently explain the events jeonmal did not receive any charges from the police,&quot; he said.
117km south of London sister Sharon Bale who live in remote mulren Corp., said that &quot;This incident assumptions.&quot;
A man from the mother Jenny Bale Bale house to live in Bournemouth in southern England near the Jenny Bale said do not want to talk about it.
Bale after the premiere of the movie &#39;The Dark Knight&#39; is staying in London.
A subsidiary of Time Warner&#39;s Warner Bros. produced the movie &#39;The Dark Knight&#39; is the latest in the Batman series.
Bale took on the role of Bruce Wayne in Batman movie &#39;The Dark Knight&#39;.
&#39;The Dark Knight&#39; was ranked olrimyeo box office revenue of opening the first week of 158.4 million US dollars (about 16 million) 1.
Bale, who served in the Batman movie &quot;Batman biginseu &#39;which opened in 2005 is once again starring in this film as a super hero in Gotham City.
Tropical Storm Dolly &#39;22 (Reuters) party stronger as a Class 1 hurricane in the Gulf of Mexico issued a border alert to meteorological authorities to urgently evacuate residents living in the Texas border island.
Meteorological officials expected, while the path of Tropical Storm Dolly was facing south Texas and northeast Mexico hit the region at 23 AM.
National Hurricane Center Director Bill Reid&#39;s (National Hurricane Center, NHC) warned that &quot;the South Texas coast residents do not wait until tomorrow the situation if you do wear a hurricane should be evacuated today.&quot;
Lead director, said, &quot;When you evacuate the 23 days will be late to evacuate roads are flooded.&quot;
NHC said that the central part of the Dolly accompanied by winds of about 150km from 5 pm to reach 120km per hour in bronze bill in Texas in the Gulf of Mexico from a distance of approximately 266km towards the east.
Bronze Bill Cole from the Texas coast and the Rio San Fernando, ranging from Corpus Christi to the north-east coast of the US border and Mexico up to the hurricane alert was down.
In downtown Jerusalem on Monday (June 22) was killed in a planned nearby to Palestinian men are sharing one Barack construction equipment is causing a riot police as they successively receive the cars and buses in the United States Democratic presidential candidate Senator Barack Obama.
Following last month&#39;s bulldozer attack is this is the second.
The Israeli government said, citing the jurisdiction of the Jerusalem police chief in a statement, wearing a one person seriously injured in the accident day, four people suffered minor injuries.
In addition, 20 people were hospitalized with shock.
Israeli police have confirmed that the 22-year-old driver of the crane fork before kick Palestinian East Jerusalem from.
Even three weeks ago, Palestinian construction workers rushed to the car dragged a bulldozer in Jerusalem are the three people killed by the police sumjyeotgo bar.
The government announced that they have received 22 days Forklifts driver has 13 different vehicles, including a bus in a statement citizen and Israeli border police guard Kill him.
There was a video of the driver&#39;s body lying in the driving seat Forklifts.
Forklifts had a head-on collision with the minibus.
Did not explicitly confirm that the passenger riding in the bus.
One passenger front bonnet is damaged dwaetgo stumbled shake off the driver seat car door.
Another passenger cars overturned dwaetgo may fall to 1 Avenue next to the bus.
Women went unconscious on a stretcher.
The Israeli government has regulations that attacks the incident immediately.
US President George W. Bush urged condemned the attack through a spokesman, and it is also to blame other parties.
Dana Perino, White House spokesman was &quot;turns out that this incident is terrorism and all political parties should condemn them,&quot; said &quot;a terrorist attack is peace, US President George W. Bush in Israel and Palestine in the Middle East peace mediation effort, more peace efforts of the two leaders unable to proceed, &quot;he said.
The Barack Obama Democratic presidential candidates on Monday (June 22) it was hard to find an atmosphere of enthusiasm for Obama in talks with Jordanian capital Amman arrived.
In a recent survey of the American Pew Research Center (Pew Research Center) it showed that only 22% of Jordanian citizens are confident Obama&#39;s victory in the US presidential election.
Obama was criticized negatively In surrounding countries of Egypt, Lebanon and Turkey.
Obama is superior to the Republican presidential candidate Sen. John McCain still in these Middle Eastern countries, but seems almost to a poll of both candidates In Jordan.
But Obama has been hailed as a superstar In the other countries.
In France and Germany, to go after Obama, while Obama&#39;s approval rating on a 80% approval rating for John McCain has exceeded 30%.
Obama&#39;s approval rating on the UK to tour this week has dropped slightly.
Results Pew Research Center survey of 24 countries, the United Kingdom showed the approval rating of 74 percent for Obama and 44% for McCain.
Former Bosnian president Radovan Karadžić said that his lawyer would respond to the legal 22 (local time) to be expelled from Serbia in connection with war crimes.
Sveta rich value when lawyers also filed a complaint about the reason for Seb by Serbia claimed that secret detention for 3 days until they announced the arrest karajichi and arrested karajichi Riva.
Karajichi 63 commanding the bloody siege of Sarajevo and committed the most terrible part atrocities in Europe since World War II, including Muslims genocide in 8000 people Brenna threads nicha 1995, was accused of war crimes.
Rich value when lawyers argued that without revealing the truth about the arrest of the Serbian authorities karajichi.
He said, &quot;dwaetneunji karajichi arrested at the time of arrest, who was arrested 18 days after he was detained for 21 hours and 30 minutes, where he did not say no,&quot; he said.
Rich value when the lawyer &quot;karajichi was detained was taken to his police badge to any place by some people,&quot; said &quot;The police blindfolded karajichi of conduct between him into some locations are clearly illegal,&quot; he said.
He said, &quot;karajichi will undertake a criminal prosecution on appeal and to India by the International Criminal Tribunal for former Yugoslavia (ICTY) in The Hague.&quot;
Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson has warned that it is a move to Real Madrid&#39;s Cristiano Ronaldo to be the worst choice in career.
Ronaldo but says that there is no means to make a future for Manchester United in last weekend had convinced Ferguson that Ronaldo will not leave in the field recording the last 42 goals at Old Trafford.
He is in South Africa with 21 (Reuters) - Club engaged in a tour &quot;after the Champions League final, he was the happiest man in the world,&quot; he said.
Ferguson said, &quot;He really will know where the world&#39;s best club,&quot; said, &quot;just Manchester United.&quot;
Ferguson again, &quot;the worst choice that is to choose Real Madrid.
His age is 23, and the vertical and currently playing in a nice club argued that there is no need to think about something else. &quot;
Ferguson &quot;He signed a five-year contract with the club is still four years remaining till&quot; and &quot;I had to confirm the signing of Cristiano Ronaldo directly into the eyes,&quot; he said.
Ronaldo received a right ankle surgery can not play in the ground until at least October.
Manchester United and Orlando Pirates expand the game 22 days in Durban.
Following the matahon the progress of the &#39;Tonight Show&#39; (Tonight) the sign of the US NBC pro Jay Reno followed Conan O&#39;Brien was given a pass on this broadcast in June 2009.
Last Broadcast &#39;The Tonight Show&#39; Reno is Friday, May 29 next year, O&#39;Brien said in the executive of NBC Television Critics Association (TCA), followed by meetings that connects from 1 June.
NBC that he did not accept it but requested that Reno will give remain on NBC.
Co-chairman Ben Silverman of NBC and Mark Graham Boff Inter entertainment was also displayed displeasure at the fact that ABC is showing a special interest in bringing Reno.
Italy has long been a global seureowotda devastating.
Last year, a pile of garbage that lined the streets of Naples had damaged the image of Italy.
The number of visitors to the stench lost a lot.
Dwaetjiman this problem 14 years ago, landfill shortages last year were residents and eventually explode.
Residents have no choice just faded out to the street trash.
Older electronics, the vessel entered the furnishings, chemicals were mixed with general household waste.
The European Commission has stipulated the Italian organic waste in the European Union (EU) law violations related to waste treatment that threats to the environment and health.
The European Commission has decided to address this issue in the European Court of Justice in Luxembourg in May.
However, three months, while the incumbent Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi has again later, garbage cleaning in many areas has been made.
Berlusconi asserted that &quot;the worst is over garbage crisis.&quot;
He &quot;went back to look the streets and squares of Naples and elsewhere was always imagining&quot; and &quot;back to the city clean and civilized West Street yen can not even find the shadow of the garbage,&quot; he said.
Berlusconi was &quot;laid returns the state of the region and the Naples again,&quot; he said.
&quot;The country can not continue to recognize the illegal situation, we can not afford to continue receiving the force of an organized minority groups opposed to the laws of the country&quot; and &quot;the public authority has used the legitimate enforcement,&quot; he said.
He mentioned to the group that opposed the creation of a new landfill. In particular, residents are opposed to the landfill caused in the area they live.
Berlusconi has mobilized the army and security forces launched a landfill clean-up operations,
A long period of time and the latest incineration plant installation is in progress is expected to be operational by the end of the year.
Berlusconi said that the establishment plans to add three incineration plants in Naples.
&quot;There actually take turns in three shifts to increase the incineration plant installation speed until the weekend,&quot; he said &quot;I hope the installation is complete within two years.&quot;
Portuguese Justice Minister asserted, but instructed the police stopped the investigation into Madeleine McCann disappearance of Madeleine&#39;s parents in the UK would continue to find maedeulrinreul.
The police will withhold this case until new evidence.
Fernando Pinto Motegi which the Attorney General Office said it did not find evidence of any criminal suspects, including three in the 14 months advanced Madeleine went missing Britons live events and incident investigation involving parents, agent Casey and Gary, Portugal Madeleine Robert Murat in person.
Madeleine was four years old at the time were been in Fray ah da Luz with their families were missing one parent who has dinner with friends at the Tapas restaurant.
The Portuguese and British police engaged in a large-scale investigation and a search operation is the press of the two headlines this incident, but Madeleine was not found yet.
Madeleine McCann&#39;s mother, Casey agent said, &quot;We expect the scrutiny of the police files to see the details that can be studied and examined the contents.&quot;
Agent Casey McCann said &quot;hiring a private investigator will write everything means finding Madeleine.&quot;
Casey McCann&#39;s agent said it was shocking when the Portuguese police in this case pointed to himself as a suspect.
Mitchell &quot;What a treat the couple as suspects had confusion in finding the Madeleine,&quot; he said.
He &quot;had an adverse effect on the reputation of the couple should not have to worry where to start again,&quot; said &quot;these problems to the couple worry is only looking for Madeleine hope haejugil Portuguese authorities to continue to cooperate with them,&quot; he said.
Gotta Texas Food retailers found salmonella in a halrapinyo peppers imported from Mexico Salmonella survey diffusion path hit a major turning point and Drug Administration (FDA) of the US Food and announced on Monday (September 21).
The FDA also warned not to eat foods with raw halrapinyo Do not take for consumers to halrapinyo day.
The findings are likely to be looking for clues to the recent spread of Salmonella St. Paul&#39;s cause.
Recently the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (The US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, CDC) said the number of Salmonella St. Paul dalhaetdago infected 1,200 people in 42 weeks.
Robert Tox Deputy of food poisoning bacteria and fungi responsible for the disease wealth CDC&#39;s &quot;came out positive Salmonella halrapinyo of that same kind and entirely St. Paul Yu react,&quot; he said.
He said, &quot;We are investigating the distributors who supply halrapinyo authorities to examine whether the salmonella contamination.&quot;
Tox Deputy &quot;The findings were an important turning point,&quot; he said.
He said, &quot;to find out all the overall situation into one halrapinyo samples in this test, but Salmonella in halrapinyo It is very important that the same entirely Salmonella St. Paul and oil&quot; and &quot;help to investigate this root cause of the salmonella spread will, &quot;he said.
By the fall a few m pictures People enjoying the sun in a situation where there is a girl&#39;s body lying on the beach two drowned reported Italian media, religious groups, civic organizations showed 21 (Reuters) - embarrassment and resentment.
Italian ANSA Communications reported a drowning accident in beta beach in Naples on the 18th West ttore. ANSA said that drowning is swimming in the ocean name and two other friends in Rome were two girls in the morning the day the article.
According to the article, girls beg and sell trinkets went to the beach.
Local media said the accident natdago wave swept four girls rough.
Received a distress report from the beaches emergency rescue team dispatched in 10 minutes, two rescue people hear the screams were rescued two of them.
Rescuers found two girls dwaetjiman by the structure safely in the water for another 2 patients died.
Corriere della Sera said jyeotdago quickly dispersed the people gathered around the body at the time.
&quot;People have enjoyed continued to sunbathe without leaving the beach&quot; and &quot;police Unguja was the female body between two drowning people enjoying the sun arrived carrying a coffin after one hour,&quot; he explained.
Naples jurisdiction of the Archbishop of Grenada Sen Geo sepe Cardinal &quot;could be more shocking than the outer surface or selfishness sometimes the case.&quot; This case and related to &quot;apathy is not emotion not expressed as a human being,&quot; he said in his parish blog said .
Italian civic organization ebeuriwon (EveryOne) is on the website &quot;work related to the 19th drowning accident racist and distressing case,&quot; said, &quot;It is a female four mothamyeonseo swim went into the sea looks suspicious,&quot; she said girls drowning accidents articles expressed doubts about.
Ebeuriwon said that &quot;the most shocking thing was the attitude of people on the beach,&quot; in a statement.
The group &quot;No one reported the bodies of young girls in the scene at the time was not surprised at all,&quot; said &quot;people continue to swim and drink a drink and enjoy the sun, or was the gossip,&quot; he said.
Italian daily La Repubblica (La Repubblica) reported that &quot;there were people who were eating the bodies of girls continues to fall much in the sun or in places for lunch, not lying on the beach sand.&quot;
Oil prices on Monday (September 21) after three days without a large nuclear negotiator and the end is yieogan consecutive record decline turned into an upward trend, while Tropical Storm Dolly &#39;access to the Gulf of Mexico.
Wednesday on the New York Mercantile Exchange (NYMEX) the August delivery of West Texas Intermediate (WTI) was trading at 131.04 US dollars rose US $ 2.16 to trade.
Oil prices go up and down between 129 to 130 dollars in 21 days AM NYMEX late afternoon, I went to a relatively large width.
Editor-in-chief Stefan shock of the oil refining industry magazine &#39;syolkeu report&#39; (The Schork Report) is the &quot;and&quot; Lion &quot;forces are sensitive to before the 29 days that the contract expires,&quot; he said &quot; &#39;Lion&#39; forces fear the oil price plunge there, &quot;he said.
While the market focused on the possibility of ice between the US and Iran, oil prices fell $ 1.65 a barrel over the past four days.
Investors are rated supply disruptions gave some impact on oil prices.
But Iran Iran nuclear talks open in Switzerland was collapsed delegation do not see a clear position on the proposal to stop uranium enrichment, the UN Security Council.
It causes a conflict between the armed forces and paramilitary forces in southwestern Pakistan conflict at least 41 people dead nine people including a soldier said on Tuesday (October 20) reported the state-run Pakistan Telecommunications.
Pakistan kicking this conflict in Afghanistan is reportedly value independent of the military being deployed in the northwestern part of Pakistan.
Balochistan is a place where the natural gas-rich insurgents are in conflict with the Pakistani military to ensure autonomy.
Over the past few years he has complained, saying the armed forces and the Pakistani government ignored the plight and their economic situation.
Militants had attacked the convoy on the 19th by Pakistani security forces soldiers were aboard a local newspaper reported that a counterattack in Dera part geuti.
Dera part geuti is located four gas fields and is the area where the rebel leader who died in 2006, when airstrikes Akbar unit geuti operating bases.
A clash of two sides reportedly killed 41 people all up to 20 days.
Meanwhile, Pakistani authorities in Balochistan militants in the Afghan border region, said that the Islamic extremists affiliated with a terrorist venture in northwestern Pakistan.
Pakistani authorities are holding kicking Chi, saying Afghanistan Afghan refugees gathered in the Taliban leaders were among those convinced it would be hiding.
Nepal is declared a republic after the Constituent Assembly was elected on Monday (September 21), Ram Baran Yadav in two months as the first president.
19 days one out of three candidates in the first round of voting on chireojin (Reuters) - The candidate also dwaetdago 60s Yadav (60) carried in runoff election failed to secure a majority Cool Bahadur Gurung announced that the Constituent Assembly chairman.
Yadav is a minority group that claims Madeira during the independence of southern Nepal Nepal National Congress party general secretary in the party Janakpur.
Yadav said, &quot;My role as president of the country&#39;s constitutional harmony between the various parties.&quot;
He said, &quot;Nepal&#39;s sovereignty, territorial integrity, will often work for an independent will to end the conflict and regional politics.&quot;
Indicate the April 308 votes for Yadav candidates in the Constituent Assembly lawmakers runoff election in the general election, competing candidates Maoist spiral Ram Raja Prasad Singh 282 Table support for a candidate to Nepal Communist Party candidate was elected a Yadav candidate.
Maoist Nepal Communist Party, but a majority of Parliament Marxist-Leninist solidarity Communist Party of Nepal (UML), Nepali political coalition of Madera Municipal People&#39;s Rights Forum and some minority party, coalition this year ties in the 21st runoff election to Yadav invited President done.
Robert Mugabe and his political rival Morgan pennants Lai agreed to develop a formal dialogue.
The two sides signed on Monday (September 21) the contents of the agreement to stop politicking and configure Mugabe and opposition leader pennants Rai joint government.
Mugabe negotiations the two sides emphasized that proceed without outside interference.
Mugabe explained: &quot;We will continue to solve a number of problems as Zimbabweans,&quot; he said that &quot;the help of South Africa will be given.&quot;
Mugabe&#39;s administration and the opposition agreed to enter the new term victory in the presidential runoff Mugabe Vega came in just three weeks.
Mugabe and pennants Rai has opened a press conference 21 days this place has attended two South African President Thabo Mbeki.
This is the first time that represents the political rivals, they look to one place after the vote.
Mugabe and pennants Rai after the press conference was a handshake at the suggestion of Mbeki.
Pennants Lai &quot;This progress is too early to judge whether to import any income,&quot; he said. &quot;But you&#39;ll come out with good results for Zimbabwe when exercise tolerance and compromise and cooperation.&quot;
The prostitute is a lie, not President Mugabe ruling Zimbabwe African National Union of Zimbabwe at a press conference the day - caused controversy by labeling refers to the President of the Patriotic Front (Zanu-PF).
Daeseonju design US Democratic Senator Barack Obama Nouri al-Maliki met with Iraqi Prime Minister to discuss the withdrawal period of the Iraqi military had dispatched 21 (Reuters) - Al-Maliki said the prime minister&#39;s office.
Obama said if elected president he would end the war in Iraq to visit Iraq during the period of Al-said that the productive discussions on this issue with the prime minister.
The Iraqi government has been demanding specific withdrawal period of Iraq sent troops to the US side.
The Bush administration was skeptical about the withdrawal of finalizing the time of Iraq.
But al-Maliki and US President George W Bush has agreed to establish the deadline for the withdrawal of US forces last week.
Al-Maliki prime minister&#39;s office in a statement, Al-Maliki said that once again emphasize this point in the meeting with Obama.
Al-Maliki &quot;(Iraq), the developments process will determine the withdrawal period of foreign troops in Iraq,&quot; adding, &quot;But that time is not yet clear,&quot; he said.
Meanwhile, Obama has a bar if elected president he would emphasize to withdraw US troops in Iraq within 16 months.
Ali Al-Daba that the Iraqi prime minister&#39;s office spokesman said, &quot;the US military will leave Iraq by 2010,&quot; he said. &quot;This information suggested that the Iraqi government.&quot;
A weekly German know - but said that quoting Maliki, welcomed Obama&#39;s proposals Al-Daba, he said, &quot;seems dwaetgo Station in the course of his remarks delivered it in a not well-understood parts.&quot;
US newspaper The New York Times (NYT) refused to show the banbakmun defended the Iraq war policies of Republican presidential candidate John McCain.
The New York Times refused to banbakmun (op-ed) McCain on Iraq-related contributions of the Democratic presidential candidate Senator Barack Obama published last week.
David Srei opinion page editor John McCain will accept the plaintiff in the e-mail sent to the McCain camp, but said he would be willing to accept the revised manuscript.
He said, &quot;While Obama and McCain grab a debate, he specifically presented their plans,&quot; said &quot;The McCain article reflects the contributions of Senator Obama will be more spectacular,&quot; he said.
The New York Times said that &quot;to respect my opinions on The New York Times, as well as other newspapers featured articles is customary.&quot;
The New York Times said in a statement, &quot;as always in the past, the New York Times wants to run again the writings of John McCain,&quot; said &quot;since 1996 haeteotgo via the banbakmun McCain seven New York Times respect McCain as the Republican presidential candidate, and his opinion is seriously deal with, &quot;he said.
Banbakmun McCain by The New York Times refused to intervening could contain lengthy content that refute the claims about Iraq policy, Obama wrote in the New York Times.
McCain said &quot;Obama seems to have not learned your recent history&quot; in banbakmun blamed Obama for the Iraqi withdrawal plan.
He said: &quot;Ironically, Obama has been too fast to shake the flag of &#39;mission accomplished&#39; followed the Bush administration&#39;s mistakes.&quot;
At the time of the civil war in Bosnia, former president of the Bosnian Serbs, even the UN war crimes tribunal said on Sunday (June 21) dwaetdago half karajichi arrested forgo hiding decade.
Karajichi 63, was charged with consultations such as the Holocaust, inhuman crimes, violating the international laws of war.
He was separated from Yugoslavia from 1992 until independence in 1995 in Bosnia and Herzegovina during the civil war was to take the political leader of the Bosnian Serbs. At the time there was a thread Brenna nicha massacres and siege of Sarajevo.
He did not show a public appearance in 1996, there was no specific news arrest.
Due to the shootings at Virginia Tech incident in the US, it said 33 people were killed, including a suspect.
There were two shootings at two-hour intervals, two people were killed in a student residence, a 30 name and criminals were killed in the raid property.
Police are trying to build, but associate the two events yet to reveal the killer&#39;s identity.
Virginia Tech police chief Wendell print attachments, he said the shooting came a call stating that the Western Ambler Johnston Hall dormitory at 7:15 local time (12:15 GMT) hanging in emergency rescue.
He came in second tip indicating two hours after the shooting, said this time was a at Norris Hall engineering building.
Asked why the did not cut off the campus after the first shooting, police chief pointed principal said that at this stage I think by the single event.
Police first fired &quot;insider Bissau&quot;, and thought that the killer out of the campus.
The government said the day is the 16th Unification Ministry official said plans to propose establishing a peace regime on the Korean Peninsula in the North-South ministerial talks Monday, starting today.
Unification is gimcheonsik cooperation Commissioner &quot;Civil thinks we should seriously discuss this issue,&quot; he said to reporters.
Director Kim, who is also a spokesman for the North-South ministerial talks said she will submit this proposal to have seen the North Korean nuclear issue, &quot;substantial progress&quot; through the six party nuclear talks.
The six-party talks, which include the US, China, Japan and Russia joined together and the two Koreas will resume in Beijing on September 19th.
The military commander, defense reform concerns 2005.10
New York 9/11 memorial book opened 2005.10
By the end of 2007 the size of South Korea&#39;s state-run pension has announced about 220 trillion won (US $ 2,326 billion) stands at more and more money is being invested in a government report that the Securities Thursday.
Bush to ask for additional $ 50bn regard to Katrina. Bush, the additional funds requested US $ 2005.10 Katrina 50000000000
President Bush is expected to ask for additional funding of at least $ 50 billion for Hurricane Katrina damage support in Congress.
This amount is in addition and already received $ 10 billion in support to the victims sseuyige relief, water purification and sanitation.
Authorities have been beomran water pollution has said that five people have died after they were infected by contact with contaminated water to cholera-related bacteria.
The US Environmental Protection Agency announced dwaetdago harmful levels of E. coli, and other bacteria and lead from flooded a large amount of water is detected.
There are dead and dirty waste water, fuel, such as rusted car reveals the look according to the exit after Hurricane Katrina struck New Orleans, local water gradually out in just nine days.
Yahoo China to cooperate 2005.10 reporters arrested
4 people killed in Japan by Typhoon Nabi 2005.10
32 years ago he was sentenced to a court acquitted for the eight defendants who were executed for having organized the pro organizations.
Restoration after baktong for the dictatorship of 1975 dwaeteotda accused of trying to &quot;overthrow the government, depending on the route of the North&quot; arrested 23 members and students belonging to the so-called &#39;People&#39;s Revolution&#39;.
Among them, Wu Hong Son, suffered the death penalty in songsangjin, doyejong, yeojeongnam, gimyongwon, seodowon, hajaewan, and eight were completed bottle blitz in just 18 hours rulings, including the Supreme Court confirmed, the remaining defendants lived in prison for 15 years.
And now the court acquitted all made for national security and national safety law violations, civil conspiracy preliminary disgust that was down to the defendants in the case.
Since the Lebanese militant group Hezbollah fired more than 230 rockets into Israel on both sides of the battle has begun firing rockets most Israeli officials said.
Dual few feet, killing dozens of people have one person to reach up to a maximum distance of 70km Israeli territory now wounded.
Hezbollah&#39;s attack was the Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert took place after the Israeli military announced that destroy Hezbollah&#39;s military facilities.
Olmert was asserted that the ceasefire is not before the international peacekeeping force is deployed in southern Lebanon.
Hezbollah&#39;s rocket attacks began after Israeli forces captured five people attacked members of the Lebanese Hezbollah stronghold northeast.
Hezbollah side argued that the five people captured all citizens.
The pair of rockets fired by Hezbollah were one people died off the west coast town of Nahariya thus a large number of Israeli citizens have died since the beginning of the battle were killed.
In addition, approximately 36 Israeli soldiers were killed.
In Israeli attacks in Lebanon, was killed about 750 people, most dual citizens have announced that the Lebanese Ministry of Health.
Philippines Troops in Jolo clash Philippine troops, Muslim rebels and the fighting 2006.09
According to the magazine reported Korean Herald, the Six-Party Talks participants yesterday was a two-day adjournment to review the &quot;common document&quot;, the document process of the nuclear declaration and abolition, and covers the information on the related compensation muldeung, as early as Tuesday this It is expected to be completed by.
Mr. jeonyoungsu the southern delegates said, &quot;There are some delegations need to consult with their government once again before completing this document.
US Department of State Christopher Hill, the US delegation that was led by Deputy PM departure to Washington immediately.
Japan and the Russian delegation also finished ready to return to his country.
North Korean delegation would remain in Beijing, said the local diplomatic sources.
What is not known yet for the plenary session is held back until next Tuesday to finish this article. encompass ... It includes the
Popular group TVXQ in Korea was at the Olympic Park Gymnastics Stadium `` The Second Asia Tour &#39;O&#39; &#39;&#39; after the show was indebted to mobile phones and digital cameras, and great confusion gotta returned goods is delayed at the concert.
Fans attending the concert of 8000 people the day they left the mobile phone and digital camera, Luggage Storage&#39;s three locations before admission to the concert.
This of course prevents cheosa to take pictures during the show TVXQ illegally.
Concert scene because the content provided by mobile phone companies.
The concert ends of the woman, who was a high school student fans have heard many flock to the archives to give back the goods he received return the belongings to wait until 3 am For some fans.
The agency got to take the concert scene is steadily increasing illegal for distribution on the Internet reveals that it feared their policies.
However, such a situation of domestic as opposed to the case of the International Star has been allowed to take their picture, in the case of Westlife had allowed to take to the fans of the show scene in Seoul last year.
booth booth, phone box, a compartment seats, polling booth
US plans to lift sanctions imposed on BDA United States, soon seemed full sanctions 2007.05
This large-scale conflict between the Christian congregation and the police who protested the demolition of the church authorities in Zhejiang Province in eastern China that the media have reported.
According to human rights groups Wednesday crash occurred in the process of dissolution of the 3,000 followers, 500 police officers who strongly protested.
Human Rights and Democracy Information Center in Hong Kong had about 20 people had been injured in the incident claimed that four of whom were wounded.
The police official said the incident dwaetdago demolition in July of Xiao Sangu suburban church in an interview with France AFP took place on the last Saturday completely.
˝ expected to Korea and the European Union to start the second round of talks for a Free Trade Agreement today, and that the talks to reduce the difference of opinion about the various regulations that restrict trade matters for the purpose of land Korea Herald reported.
About 130 negotiators Korea that Kim, Han - Soo headed by Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs is to Ignacio Garcia Vere vertical side about 60 EU negotiators Friday as leader of the European Trade Commissioner will proceed with the talks in Brussels.
Both sides say the talks will be conducted in four aspects for the development of regulations, resolve disputes without destroying the manufacturing, services and investment, and regulatory requirements of the environment announced the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade in Seoul.
Since Seoul and Brussels will share sensitive matters relating to agriculture, Korea-EU FTA is between one - and many experts would take place smoothly than US FTA are expected.
In Korea, the existing free trade agreements concluded agriculture has always been the biggest obstacle to agreement. negotiation talks
More than 25% of university students have experience of sex. Students have 25% or more sexual experience
It is said to have responded to five times per month relationship.
Thus the results were examined for Consciousness 1276 people attending universities in the Seoul metropolitan area.
About half (46.3%, 164 patients) of these respondents said daphaetgo he had sex for the first time in 20-21 years, when 33% had a sexual relationship when high school students.
Minister of Foreign Affairs seems to meet one day standing in Pakistan
˝ US emergency stations have collapsed Mississippi River piers embellish the day a large number of victims, looking past the current body.
At least four deaths are confirmed, up to 30 people were missing.
US government officials and the collapse of the terrorist incidents are likely unrelated.
The vehicle crashed with water for about 50 when part of the I-35W bridge piers of Minnesota in Minneapolis have been collapsed last Wednesday evening off work hours.
Team Police Commissioner Dolan of Minneapolis, the people are still trapped inside the car, said structure further need at least three days.
Investigators are dealing with the region as a crime scene until you determine the cause of the collapse.
US President George W. Bush said he to the people of Minnesota as soon as possible to restore and rebuild the pier by the federal government to &quot;respond firmly&quot;.
President Bush is scheduled to visit the site collapsed on Saturday.
First Lady Laura Bush will visit Minneapolis on Friday to meet with the victim on Friday.
The federal Department of Transportation has provided the initial funding of $ 5 million to settle the case and traffic problems.
Minnesota Governor Team Pollen Tea collapse this event &quot;historic level of catastrophe,&quot; he said.
Was only ever had the opposite table when Japanese Foreign Minister Ban Ki-moon, former UN Secretary-General to be elected, the Japanese former US ambassador to the UN said eotdago changed his mind to &quot;no opinion&quot; later.
John Bolton, former Ambassador blah &quot;surrender alternative is not (Surrender Is Not an Option)&quot; called Ban the more descriptive the end for his thoughts on the process and the nuclear issue climbed to the top position of the United Nations in his new book.
Bolton said so himself to personally convince the &quot;opposite&quot; table Kenzo Oshima, Japan&#39;s ambassador to suspect that embellish the Japanese to Ban replace the will of the government.
According to the book Ban Let&#39;s just cut to the negative Ambassador Oshima, who reportedly threw a vote against the suspect in Ghana.
But Bolton had requested that when I met him Oshima consider the &quot;opposite&quot; of Japan table again, he said, did not deny.
USFK military commander in South Korea said the move Tuesday in progress, slow but consistent example of optimism about the six-party talks on North Korea&#39;s denuclearization.
At the same time, General Burwell Bell said he thought that North Korea is a complete security of the United States without nuclear weapons will not give up the resistance and change.
In testimony at the US Senate Armed Services Committee, USFK Commander Bell also argued that if the economic and safety benefits of the United States, after the peace treaty was signed in Korea, the US military presence should continue on the Korean peninsula.
Bell was in the midst participated in the two Koreas, the US, China, Russia and Japan, and the efforts to resume the Six-Party Talks process and the denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula as the target progress made to appear to the Senate committee.
Although the South and North ministerial talks have been suspended for a long time agreed to resume talks in Gaeseong from Seoul June 21 to 24 did not show much progress for the denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula issue.
In the talks resume in 10 months schedule of ministerial talks did not agree with the ministerial delegation of the June 15 North-South Joint Declaration Unification Minister Chung Dong-young headed announced visited North Korea to attend the 5th anniversary ceremony of the South is a fertilizer 200,000 tons in the North support for the three items that were agreed.
However, in a joint press conference with chagwangeup delegation to promote inter-Korean relations, despite continued requests from the North and the South it did not discuss the nuclear issue, and it refused to return to six-party talks.
Stranded. is the Bank of Korea, foreign exchange market intervention is not misleading articles
Hwang cloned stem cells from the patient somatic
The Chinese officials said the ship carrying weapons to Zimbabwe is sending cargo banned in South Africa may go back to China.
Zambian President has asked us to have weapons from entering into the ship in the territorial waters of the other African countries because it can be expanded to relax after the election.
Chinese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Zhang to be the last to buy weapons, he said a &quot;very normal.&quot;
But she said the owners of the vessel are considered a turnaround.
This chapter spokesperson, but because it is impossible to Zimbabwe revealed that the acquisition of these weapons, said that not a confirmation from a shipping company in China.
The Chinese vessel was known to be moored in Angola, it is said that the US is putting pressure to prevent the ship docked in the port of Angola and Namibia.
Zambian President Levy crypt listed four &quot;because they do not want that my heightened tensions in Zimbabwe are more than ever this issue is one of both hope yigireul the region,&quot; he said.
Egyptian police have arrested 15 people in an anti-government group, the Muslim Brotherhood section outlawed by the government on the day before the referendum was intended to be conducted in accordance with the electoral change.
They were arrested trying to distribute the brochure to encourage you to attend the pros amendment referendum.
This month, only the Muslim Brotherhood were arrested on suspicion of section 800 of such a referendum protests.
Opposition groups have proposed allowing presidential bid of multiple candidate said contained too many constraints to compete with Mubarak. Referendum, popular vote
TV talk show host, Michael Jackson trial accused lovable self doubt
As a retrial for the murder of music producer Phil Spector restarts it entered the second leg.
Reclaim statements will have in Los Angeles today.
&quot;A review of Spector Lana is that he puts the second degree murder of murdering Clarkson as to whether the total is held after the jury failed to reach a verdict in the body for more than a year.
Spector is accused of murdering Clarkson in February 2003 at his Alhambra mansion.
Clarkson met Spector the time and headed to his residence, she was working as a hostess in a nightclub &#39;House of Blues&#39;.
The defense has countered that the 40-year-old Clarkson committed suicide discouraged off in popularity.
The first deadlock of the jury was caused by multiple agree with conviction (not powered).
If the weather is good in Philadelphia, the Phillies and Rays tonight will be paid for Game 5 of the World Series. I was Sandy kosel.
despondent disappointed, depressed
conviction convictions Third Quarter Economic Growth Falls US third quarter GDP negative growth 2008.10
French President Nicolas Sarkozy has asked to destroy the domestic high-speed TGV train lines that make the suspects &quot;extremely severe&quot; punishment.
Sarkozy asked Minister of the judiciary to perform all possible investigating the incident jichinghan referred to as &quot;co-operation&quot; from the SNCF state-owned management company theft.
Arsonists have burned the track and signal, delayed the railway station services are already being hit came on the eighth day of the strike.
Before that, a meeting was held to build end the debate on economic reform.
The representative of the SNCF and the RATP national transport operator in Paris, has tried to a meeting over a long period of time may be made in conjunction with the trade unions and government officials reached an agreement.
However, there was mention of a breakthrough in the dispute, the workers were coming into Thursday, buchigi whether whether to the loss of billions of euros every day on the government to continue the strike, claiming that the invading French vote.
The government said no mean retreat from key proposals to reform the &quot;special&quot; pension system.
Japanese Nobel Prize laureate said Japan&#39;s military ambition is in a serious condition. The Japanese Nobel Prize Winner, &quot;Japan&#39;s military ambitions are worrisome levels
Japan has expressed concern about the five Nobel Prize Winner genjaburo the military ambitions of Japan.
At a press conference he held at the Sejong Center in Seoul, &quot;the ruling party in Japan since the end of last year has been an attempt to amend Article 9 of the Constitution for military expansion,&quot; said &quot;are concerned,&quot; he said.
Japanese Nobel Prize Winner in five genjaburo was cold to attend the three-day Seoul International Literature Forum.
It seemed to be laid welfare policy that provides long-term care services for the elderly
˝ before the typhoon Nari that I lose power to the East, is expected to land on Monday morning southeast of Miryang and the Andong region.
Japan Meteorological Agency announced that it is to hit the Canary island of Yeosu and Sunday Southwest, is banned in more than 130 aircraft, island evacuated the ship in more than 3,000 vessels.
The houses and buildings of a total of 13 in Jeju engraved sleep in the water, the road was closed three places.
Jeju Island has got out of the rain of 210mm of rainfall so far, expected to make an additional 400mm of rain from Monday Meteorological Agency announced.
Nari is expected to land on the east coast of Gyeongsangnam-do on Monday morning.
The forecast&#39;re expecting more rain fall of about 300mm in the southwestern region until Monday morning, has become a concern in lowland and coastal flood damage.
The Constitutional Court has the constitutional President raised residents said Pyeongtaek is unconstitutional for the 2004 agreement between South Korea and the United States wishes for the old military base.
The US military is now planning to move the base in Seoul and Gyeonggi Province in northern Gyeonggi southern city.
In about 1000 or more people - mostly residents of Pyeongtaek - filed the petition.
It itneundeda US military bases is unconstitutional to the agreement made without the consent of the National Assembly argued that depth undue burden on the people of Korea (taxpayers). Cooperation agreement, concurrence
Wolfowitz &#39;to stay&#39; at World Bank World Bank President Wolfowitz will not resign 2007.06
He was promoted to his girlfriend, salaries also come under pressure to resign since admitted that sikyeotdaneun impression.
His remarks happened after the World Government leadership is not up to me to ask him to resign, while expressing the scandal as &quot;grave concern&quot;.
It consists of 24 people, and Development Committee which is responsible for policy formulation, had issued a controversial light faded, immediately after the World Bank Conference in a statement this way for Wolfowitz.
The final decision on the future will be made by the Board of Directors of the World Bank Wolfowitz.
In developing the Commission&#39;s name, and the support that the Council investigate this matter, had said that the request that the Council will continue to keep working.
embattled plight, being a classic
Obama ahead of the US presidential inauguration more than 26 hours have started (19) Key Dates in community service activities.
President-elect Barack Obama visited different warriors in the morning informal Walter Reed Veterans Hospital receiving treatment after the community was involved in innovative projects with Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. Memorial Day is today his wife Michelle and Vice President-elect around.
AP White House correspondent Mark Smith then said.
&quot;The day the specific event information, but not delivered, Michelle Obama and Biden also outside it will have a luncheon together after participating in volunteer activities.
The last few years thanks to the efforts and dedication of the Martin Luther King Power family during national leadership personnel have been actively involved in community service activities to honor the accomplishments of Dr. King. &quot;
Twilight &#39;hits big time at the weekend box office movie &quot;Twilight&quot; weekend box office occupied 2008.11
The vampire romance movie with the material had jumped up as soon as one opened this weekend, it won a $ 70 million profit.
The new James Bond film &quot;Quantum of Solace&quot; has sat down to second place. &quot;
&quot;Disney&#39;s new animated feature&quot; Bolt &quot;has debuted in third with revenues of US $ 27 million only for this weekend.
Adam rain Thierry scored a 51-yard field goal to meet the whistle ends.
For Brett Fabrizio led by New York Jets this season has defeated the Tennessee Titans for the first time.
Jets win by 34 to 13 on the Titans Tennessee Titans have been a record 10 wins and 1 loss.
The big time first-class, a large box-office
competition competition
English-Korean dictionary yakeopyo / English Dictionary yakeopyo
North Korea is expected to be given a stronger and more isolated in the international community sanctions, according to identifying the intention to boycott the nuclear talks to raise relevant in the ASEAN Regional Forum (ARF) held in Kuala Lumpur in Malaysia.
North Korea demanded that the United States is full of financial sanctions against North Korea, the first to resume the six-party talks to discuss the nuclear issue.
Baeknamsun North Korean Foreign Minister was absent from the meeting of foreign ministers from 10 countries (USA, Korea, China, Russia, etc.) designed to be held during the Informal ASEAN Regional Forum.
Meeting, US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice and the foreign ministers of the nuclear stalled six-party talks from 10 countries, including the countries concerned have attended.
Foreign Ministers meeting ended he was unable to find a ilchijeom on the North Korean nuclear issue.
Malaysian Foreign Minister Hamid Alba Le chaired the ASEAN Regional Forum (ARF) in a statement, &quot;The majority of participating foreign ministers have expressed concerns about the North Korean missile launch.&quot; He said.
Meanwhile, back North Korea&#39;s Foreign Minister Earlier argued that the United States can participate in the six-party talks to enforce the sanctions.
Also threatened if adopted a joint statement of condemnation of North Korea&#39;s missile tests will not attend the forum
Gwanriban Road is bustling with Blizzard Dakota and Minnesota Highway re-opening work of one and then cross back, leaving the eyes of four feet deep.
At least four people were killed in this storm.
Wall Street financial sector has led to a significant recovery in the second day depending on the uphill.
The Dow has risen 40 points.
How link to relevant, be associated
Cathedral to replace the A Church Offers Cash for Guns Pistol in cash 2008.10
There is hard to let the City State making some New Yorkers replace a pistol in cash is also introducing a person filled with the memories of weapons.
Steve Booth&#39;s father was released the pistol was used during World War II. &quot;
&quot;These men are to participate in the movement to compensate for $ 200 per one meter pistol in difficult times says it was because of money.&quot;
&quot;Joe sold to buy food ... &quot;
&quot;Other people say that the end to get rid of guns on the streets than to increase the number of donors decreases Dun nine more lives.&quot;
Chicago authorities are focused and susaryeok to find a 7-year-old nephew of Oscar-winner actress Jennifer Hudson.
A neighbor of Chicago, says he can understand that the Hudson&#39;s mother and brother were killed.
4 people killed in SUV and passenger car crashes 2008.10
GM&#39;s subsidiaries have been given financial support from the Federal Reserve.
&quot;There was a financial subsidiary GMAC, GM declared a bank holding company.
The company will now be able to use the Relief Fund loan of $ 700 million has occurred eligible for emergency loans to the Federal Reserve.
The financial company was showing signs declare bankruptcy and go out of business without the help of the federal government so far.
GMAC is the financing and supply to dealers and customers of GM, will also provide mortgage loans.
More than half of the company&#39;s shares are owned by the investment company that owns Chrysler.
Plymouth was Diane Kane in Washington. &quot;
Winter weather was FedEx has suffered some parcel delivery, so as collar Boyd FedEx said it would open the door to office, albeit briefly today.
&quot;The convenience to the 665 offices that have not yet opened the door parcel delivery so that you can go to.&quot;
FedEx Office is open from 8:00 am until noon local time.
We plan to give the New Year holiday to employees rival UPS is like the original.
bank-holding company bank holding company
English-Korean dictionary yakeopyo / English Dictionary yakeopyo
The Federal Court dismissed the bail of lobbyists bakdongseon seeds.
He relation to Iraq, the UN oil-for-food program was accused of secretly lobbying for the government of Saddam Hussein.
Bakdongseon who was charged with conspiracy and money laundering charges lobby for systemic fraud, unregistered foreign government in the state.
A US envoy&#39;s&#39; Korea, Japan and China meeting &#39;North America chief six-party talks, South Korea, Japan, China, turning&#39; after 2006.02
TOEIC Reading
International institutions affiliated to the Ministry of Education of Korea has reacted positively to the move to foreign English teachers to form a representative body.
Lee, Taik - Soo National Institute for International Education Development Section said that the National Institute for International Education Development to the conversation with an open mind and a foreign teacher associations (ATEK).
The director has thought hearty communication with key foreign teachers of English education development in Korea.
&quot;We need an open mind to communicate with foreign teachers come from different cultures.
The two groups (Koreans and foreigners) with different backgrounds through the communication must create a new culture. &quot;
That the president said in an interview with The Korea Times.
South Korean officials express disappointment with the ambassador&#39;s comments. Korea government officials, disappointed by the remarks of US Ambassador expressed 2006.01 Source Description Print &amp; Reading
Korea officials have expressed disappointment about the statement of US Ambassador to the United States, saying it should provoke refrain from the ongoing situation carefully the six-party talks, be careful.
October 2005 was appointed as US Ambassador Vershbow has created tension expressed by the North as Adolf Hitler after the First counterfeiting foreign currency regime in the government.
The North Korean experts expect, &quot;&quot; outpost of tyranny &quot;,&quot; North Korea&#39;s statement is similar to the opposition after the diplomatic correspondence of the North American Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice.
The outlook for the next few weeks, North Korea and the United States will back the talks was darkened.
For hundreds of Buddhist monks to resist the junta over the three days they marched around the temple, Burma&#39;s most worshiped.
The monks were allowed to enter the Shwedagon Pagoda in Yangon for the first time since the start of the protest.
The monks walked across to the citizens of the human chain holding hands around the city to protect them.
They demanded that the government apologize for the dissolution of the armed forces to protest occurred due to recent oil price increases.
Bush nudges Israel and Palestinians toward peace, President Bush urges peace in Israel and Palestine 2008.03
His legacy there is dominated by the war in Iraq, and now the day leaving office 14 months leaving, Bush, meet the Israeli President Ehud Olmert, the Prime Minister and the Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas respectively, in the Oval Office three days intense Middle East diplomacy work it started.
These talks may help the Middle East peace process is interrupted introduced a long time, no one does not think that the conflict that has been lasting for a long time between the President of the United States and the Middle East representative will be resolved quickly.
Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice, was risking his credit convened representatives from more than 40 countries, many of which Iran was involved In order to prevent that holds a dominant power, and nuclear weapons in the Middle East. It embarked on a plan to launch company, [something]
English-Korean dictionary yakeopyo / English Dictionary yakeopyo
After a bomb attack on a Shiite shrine four won more than 100 people were killed in Iraq in bobokjeon.
In Baghdad, the right body shot that was found here and there, in a factory near Baghdad that killed 47 workers in the brutal attack.
Talabani was growing up in Iraq has requested an emergency meeting to discuss this violence.
But Sunni politicians have once gyogye Union has also suspended talks (talks with Shiites, Kurds) to protest against the bobokjeon at the same time refusing to attend the meeting.
&quot;&quot; We have to stop negotiating about the new government and the Shiite alliance &quot;,&quot; Micah said, they like Alta Recreation Iraq agreed wires Iraqi Sunni political times gyogye Union.
Iraqi government declared a curfew during the week day on Friday in Baghdad and the surrounding areas in order to maintain order during the worship time.
Former dentist sold bones and body parts a former dentist, and remove organs from the bodies of thousands yeogu Sell 2006.04
The document deals with the use of American forces leaks USFK strategic flexibility gotta other confidential documents leaked 2006.04
Japanese Dictionary
If you are not a businessman unless urgent cash urgently the benchmark interest rate 0.5 percentage point cut in the Federal Reserve does require that mean?
&quot;If you have If you have a variable rate credit card can benefit when interest rates continue low, you can see the benefits even if you have a variable rate mortgage loans in conjunction with the market index.&quot;
William deonkel bug is chief economist of the National Federation of Small Business (NFIB).
People who participated in the discussion, it deulyigo take seriously the need to express concern for law enforcement and national security.
In addition, new technologies will be developed have helped to provide any solution, you hope your network at the same time they doeriraneun give help to more securely communicate.
So is a personal solution for the Clipper chip will gradually vanished. However, this problem will continue to exist beside us, and for the time being will exist in a serious condition.
The Italian astronomers have found signs that water is essential for life in the atmosphere of planets orbiting the stars in the distant presence.
That does not mean that there is a life that is full of water on other planets, it will thereby amplifying If this discovery is confirmed speculation that such a thing could be possible.
They tried using a 32-meter radio telescope to find the electromagnetic waves emitted by the water, which is the subject of the microwave nature If so is the electromagnetic wave is included in the infrared ray of the star, which give indicate that the water in the atmosphere of the planet.
3,000 scorpions and Thai woman Scorpio 3,000 animals to live for 32 days in all if you are in the room, it would be a nightmare.
And when their sleep with live characters with a deadly poison for the future to raise Thailand&#39;s Kanchanaburi women age 30 to 32 days blankets want in a room full of scorpions Chan broke the world record for the longest stay itgie would not do not sleep.
As oil dealers are considering the possibility of a US attack on Iraq and heightened Open war is boosted by high oil prices in the US in just 19 months.
It jumped 61 cents, in electronic trading (by computer) to 30.45 US dollars after crude oil futures prices in the United States recorded a high of 30.48 US dollars per barrel.
But Miss Universe organizers say, but that is the beauty of the 24-year-old Russian deposed in Miss Universe history to place first in &#39;52, he did not explain the reason for Fedorova who is deprived of the status.
Fedorova is not know when the map marry his longtime boyfriend.
After a funny day decline again led the dark outlook for the US economy and stock market 美 Asian (stock) markets were mostly down.
The Dow Jones industrial average was recorded four years, the minimum fell by 189.02 points to 7,683.13.
The Nasdaq Composite Index dropped by 0.23 points to 1,182.17 hit new lows six years.
The Nikkei index in Tokyo fell 0.33 percent to 9291.03.
FIG KOSPI index of Korea shows a 1.6% decline away to 661.55. In Hong Kong it fell 0.5 percent.
The World Health Organization warned in the development of science and terrorists jyeotdago possible to kill millions of people with biological weapons and chemical weapons.
The organization urged the countries to prepare for the possibility of such attacks.
Amid concerns that followed the attacks on New York and Washington terrorists might use airplanes pesticide spraying, the report of the WHO came to the point sikideon prohibited to take off in the US federal authorities twice pesticide spraying planes.
Even though (the possibility of) the threat is, but its potential impact is of considerable notch destroyed.
If a small number of people in the city are the symptoms of the disease appear susceptible to the disease takes several days, they will thereby infecting more people before they realize that they are sick.
If the disease is endemic in the largest airport in the city, the disease might continue to spread around the world.
Report of the WHO said that these biochemical attack in many countries need to cooperate, since they can easily destroy the human resources of a country.
WHO it was also requested to sign and implement the treaty of the United Nations that all nations banned chemical and biological weapons.
During the Cold War, the Soviet Union and the United States earlier made a vast amount of biological warfare weapon.
In July, the Bush administration was release the negotiations to implement the ban biological weapons treaty.
That the possibility of such a biochemical attack by the government presence in some parts of the world, but the risk of attacks by terrorists almost anywhere exist, WHO said.
Translation :
The universe is similar to microbes and bacteria on the Earth&#39;s, but the living cells found in air samples from the Earth&#39;s atmosphere boundary hagieneun that are too far away from Earth that scientists said.
The bacteria may have gone into space on rockets and satellites carried, or it may be from another planet really.
Week Rama Singh is confident that this universe that microbes strongly support the theory that the spores do not know where life came from outer space map in the form of cells or spores.
Until recently, under the sun Eagle distance from where former farmland, and workmen were soon welded steel for China&#39;s largest (airport), the new ultra-modern airport facility size is larger than in neighboring Hong Kong, has become one.
This is expected booming Baiyun International Airport in southern China, Guangdong province, which will be opened in 2004 with an investment of 2.3 billion years, $ 60 million, will replace the old damaged facility in Guangzhou 市.
The new airport, but is expected to first be discussed with a third of 13 million one of the passengers in Hong Kong (airport passengers) a year, officials are not expecting is that idle reception facilities are not used for a long time.
Senegalese ferry is trying to find the last survivors today can be sure sank in a storm early on several vessels Rescue ships were gathered in The Gambia, Africa coastal waters with 1,034 people occupant.
Officials said that had, only 65 survive, and recovered more than 300 bodies.
While due to the devastating hurricanes and the holidays the food prices rise dramatically, Korea was a major inflation in September rose a provisional 0.6%.
Hyeotdeon out of one hundred people or more fatalities mouth damage to crops, the typhoon and jangmabi for several weeks in Korea, which has caused significant rise of consumer prices.
Rising oil prices and the possibility of a US attack on Iraq, which is associated with also encouraged inflation.
Korea is a country that imports more crude oil in the world, fourth, and entirely dependent on oil imports.
China, put the snack bar owner is terrible at breakfast establishments selling food that is competitive in Nanjing in eastern China sentenced to death on poisons 市 criminals were sentenced to death by sin, at least 30 people to death.
Chen has received jengping sentenced by the People&#39;s Court of Nanjing, the first intervention with sin poisons the official Xinhua news agency reported.
38 people were killed by poisoning incident that occurred on September 14, was hospitalized more than 200 people.
Monica tumors so significantly over Beth&#39;s called growing up, she was seven months pregnant, or think that.
When I woke up at 1 am, and I knew that a large tumor disappeared. &quot;
Vatican Pope John Paul II was declared a miracle this case, are Italian news agency reported that the process was one of the last obstacles in the way to declare Mother Teresa a saint.
It is the right thing for the West and implement multiple definitions for the thousands of people killed on Sept. 11.
We should aim offenders and their sympathizers.
In addition, it is important that we should be careful that they do not think that proved guilty historic innocent people who committed cruel acts or fanaticism.
In the case of this incident, &quot;an eye for an eye&quot; is just a blind prescription.
However, in September naedeorado smoke smoke drove the parties involved in the atrocities of the 11th in a cave in Afghanistan, without leaving the war will not end.
Fanatical groups are living gamyeo get nourished by two corrupt dictatorship and extremism by Mullah clerics and ignored the political process in the Middle East empty.
Muslim world nor even one who is responsible for this issue, but yes innocence.
The Edmund Burke said, &quot;It is necessary for evil to triumph is that good people do not only have no action.&quot;
There are obvious reasons why the West can do this war.
But the West can not do the work required.
They will always be regarded as a invaders, modern-day crusader.
There are few signs that the world is ready for that fight Islam.
As for the religion, Islam must remember that is still young.
Jeonyida only 1,379 years.
By comparison, the Christian civilization in Europe in 1379 is to end the Crusades were just out of the medieval Dark Ages.
Thereafter, Europe was fear of the Inquisition and the Reformation, all kinds of religious fanaticism is rampant, there is the Renaissance and the Enlightenment, with this systematic murder of revolution and imperialism, Nazism and Communism, Hiroshima.
It is a great mistake, of course that the analogy between civilizations.
Well, if the Islamic civilization will learn from the mistakes committed by the Western world.
But honestly, right now, is not much evidence that corroborated these hopes.
&quot;Secular&quot; Although there are Muslim countries, usually are present as a result of an unstable state, and Western interference and colonial domination.
Islam disdains the world that most of these courtiers of Western countries.
For example, apart from this, such as Turkey, Jordan and Morocco.
Washington Yakima 州 town court are allowed to send email to their clarification and stated instead that appear to the driver in court.
Other courts and lawyers are allowed to submit a defense prospectus online.
And, many counties have to pay a traffic violation fines to offenders on the Internet.
In addition, the defendants do not have to spend one day to appear before the judge.
James Kelly, the US Deputy Secretary of State will have talks with North Korea last week, &quot;honest,&quot; but explained that eotdago &quot;useful&quot; and said that there is no further meetings planned at this stage.
Shouting, against the Iraqi military attack on the American people do not know enough to be running an estimated 5,000 people heard together in Portland, Oregon 州 center, which was one of many such demonstrations planned across the country.
President George W. Bush&#39;s actions to stop a strike in the Port America&#39;s west coast will be for loading and unloading the goods had taken too late in many Asian exporters are likely to be delayed for up to 10 weeks.
To make matters worse, by the time such as one of the world&#39;s largest shipping company Maersk stopped accepting reservations for the new cargo in Hong Kong, China&#39;s factories have closed for the week ending went into operation again.
These &quot;moderate&quot;, including Muslim countries of Egypt, Saudi Arabia, and look at the current Pakistan, concluded that that help be able to overcome a long and difficult struggle to get rid of the evil spirits inside Islam in the region, &quot;moderate people.&quot; Jitge do.
The problem here is obvious.
In other words, in the Islamic world it can be a representative of Mubarak, King Fahd General Musharraf and the people in this area will not.
Instead, they represent the elite in each region that have the same interests and the Western world in terms of &quot;stability.&quot;
So, in exchange for guaranteed stability, the Western world has helped to keep power, they are.
Without the Western world, they will all collapsed, the Western world is putting them continue to sit on the throne, it would be to cause the anger of those who are abused by those regimes.
Still, the stability is more than a wealthy society.
In the Western world, the stability of the Middle East oil is cheap, and 9 As many people assume before January 11th, the worst terrorist attacks are meant to isolate places to occur only in those areas.
The regime to lead these countries have stable, which means that it is directly related to wealth and power and survival.
Radeunga but also fishermen families living in Egypt can not go to the packed stalls of Pakistan gatneunga it mean?
In this case, they serve a corrupt regime that giant country is not far from the United States that is stable and means experiencing pain, suffering endless.
Do you ever do about the dead but sick child that will not heal?
Have you been arrested by the police had complained about the government have been tortured electrified at 240 volts in the genitals?
Then, by distorting the essence of the Koran that many people submit to the two actions of Islamic extremists, that promises a better world for the Muslim, submissive deulyimyeo up the blood What is it surprising?
So we are now engaged in a war on terror, and of course it must.
But only that it is only the Islamic world has the strength to fight his demons, we need to know this.
If the responsible party to expedite the process, which will be a force in the Western world get respect in the Muslim world.
But in the long run, if the West continues to support the repressive dictatorships of the Arab, who will appear as a new bin Laden to replace them.
Now, the United States should demand much more than cheap oil in return for friendship.
It only needs less likely to simply satisfy the desire for revenge, our descendants have only to be picked out of a new Dark Age.
Anthropologist of the University of Michigan and his colleagues have, to say the oldest disown even get into the excitement of the human will not be the be all of those skulls had been brought humans found so far, has raised objections to the recent discovery of fossils.
By an international team led by the paleontologist Michel Brunet of France, named the skull a nickname called Toumai found in northern Chad does not belong to the human family tree (家 系 圖), they argue.
After examining the marks left on the fossilized bones from the neck muscles, they made the Toumai is a beast on all fours, that conclusion danyeotdago walk on your feet, not two feet.
The powerful car bomb described as the worst act of terrorism in Indonesian history, there is believed to be the cause of the explosion shattered embellish a nightclub in Bali, close to 200 people who were killed in the blast, most of them are believed to be Australians tourists.
The number of deaths caused by the bombing has reached 187 people, injured at least 300 people tried, I tried a lot of people have severe burns, and the moon to local hospitals and health facilities are saturated.
Also it not yet has been revealed (whether in life or death) over 200 people.
The inhabitants of the British islands throughout the Caribbean has heard the sound of the volcano wooreureung distance, this is a sign that the summit of the volcano maruteogi growing.
However, since the volcano began to erupt in 1995, which reached the top of the stumps on the current peak will collapse soon, even he said that scientists could flow down like hot ashes in the northwestern part of the gas, and rock avalanches are intertwined.
This investigation is about a woman killed by a single shot at the feet of the case, Home Depot store parking lot this month, police in suburban Washington area sniper killings occurred, estimated to ninth.
The police had secured the witness about the shooting, it said it wanted a cream-colored Chevrolet Astro van broken left tail light.
Despite the hit traffic perimeter around the area shortly after the shooting occurred and that the van was not found.
Saddam Hussein, while 100% of the vote in a referendum was the only candidate once got a seven-year term as President of Iraq again, and announced the aide of the Iraqi leader.
Although the Revolutionary Command Council vice chairman and a bit late Ibrahim 11,444,638 voters had the power to vote, this result seemed worthy to receive criticism.
Sex is increasing.
And soaring gas mask sales.
People eat carefully, but the ravenous candy and ice cream, also avoid trying to hide the body in very small noise.
If you think going to drive the car into the underground garage also goose kkichigi.
Housewife, Julie lives in Los Angeles, but I think that to buy a gas mask for myself and my husband, and their two young sons, said the judge would try Trying Then try to change the fate of the people in such a situation no avail.
&quot;Besides, I am not fit for my kids gas mask fit for me, or did not want to fall into trouble, or if just the opposite.&quot; She said.
Surprisingly, without suffering from depression, insomnia and they fear the terrible attacks many people across the country have applied to the Pentagon and the World Trade Center after seeing the television, or in person.
But other psychological doctors say that many people with depression tendencies due to this incident shows the current depression.
In fact, some experts say many people are avoiding the fear and sadness, and eat the food as a means to fight against blows, shopping or watching a movie, he says that having sex.
Vocabulary: Translation:
The attacks follow but nine months have passed after the &quot;temporary cheulsan increasing&quot; phenomenon after the attack, increase this baby birth, the Second World War would have been like giving birth increased after the end of the scale is not large Schwartz predicted.
Said North Korea admitted its nuclear program, North Korea has a nuclear weapons program that they continue to secretly announces the US, which admitted that senior made after Dan to North Korea evidence of enough plutonium for at least prepared the two weapons said the government official.
But the Bush administration has been in consultation with the Congress and its allies, did not make any decisions about the next steps to take in relations with North Korea, officials said.
By the space shuttle taking off successfully in Japan by Christmas Island in the South Pacific in the first test flight, said the land about five miles with a slight shake of flying high in the sky right after the Japanese space agency announced today.
And under intense criticism, according to Japan&#39;s space program that experiencing financial difficulties the flight of this 10 minutes was the most successful in recent geodun.
Of Southeast Asian terrorist group rose to dangerous levels
That there is a radical Muslim cleric Abu which is claimed to be spiritual leader of the group Bakar Bashir has been arrested by the Indonesian authorities and threats from this group is still intelligence officials said.
Sereuge Bra Mertz International Criminal Tribunal for former Yugoslavia (ICTY) chief prosecutor said, &quot;The Serbian authorities have arrested a karajichi glad,&quot; said &quot;an important day for the victims of the Holocaust,&quot; he said.
Bra Mertz test said, &quot;No one, because events have clearly demonstrated that there can not be above the law, even the International Criminal important day,&quot; he said, &quot;Sooner or later all subaebeom they will receive a trial&quot;.
He added that &quot;the authorities will soon be pressurized to karajichi to the International Court of Justice in The Hague.&quot;
The Serb army at the time that even non-arrest of the accused, such as karajichi karajichi Surat nose sprocket radio Tidori are still wanted.
Richard Hall Innsbruck former US diplomat accused karajichi Yugoslavia has slaughtered 300,000 people in Bosnia as a civil war collapsed.
Karajichi psychiatric doctor who in 1992 Bosnia had declared himself president of the Serbian Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina and at the time when independence from Yugoslavia.
With the support of the Yugoslav army and Serbian paramilitary organization that controls the Bosnian Serbs took control of most of the siege of the capital Sarajevo and local.
In the ensuing dispute Serbian forces launched a so-called &#39;ethnic cleansing&#39; in the region where they dominate. The army forced migration of Muslims and Croatian people in the region and committed the massacre.
Last year, one of the five severed feet found in British Columbia coast, said police days dwaetdago confirmed that the man who had suffered from depression disappeared a year ago, the 19th (local time).
Pierre Le Mat Le slope, said to confirm that the two missing men severed feet identity DNA testing results.
He did not give his name to the families of the missing men&#39;s needs.
Last August, revealed for the first time this initiative owners after the dog found two severed arms 64km away from the islands of the Georgia Strait to the south-west of Vancouver.
Didier came back over again in the bum come true right foot first few days after the Reebok shoes size 12 singyeo after the cut to find Gabri island in yaseom beach.
Two weeks ago, police said that two feet are found in the feet and 2 West Ham Island about 40km away from here May 16, found in Valdez Island January 8, the same men.
Police to Jean singyeo the nyubal Lance sneakers found on May 22 Kirkland Island Framingham Low Intensity said that of women.
Singin to the animals on the shoes found in the last month is the sixth jitgut
Beverly Hills, 90210, less than Beverly Hills) Go to &#39;.
But among the new sequel &quot;Beverly Hills&quot; cast member Shannen Doherty Publisher CW has revealed the anxiety that comes with mature image of the exactly the same appearance as Brenda reappeared in February station.
Conflicts about the relationship of Doherty and Jennie Garth Kelly Taylor from the original station aired a star, Anna Lynne McCord in 2000 from 1990&#39;s &#39;90210&#39; &quot;Some of the details are known,&quot; he said.
Gas again appeared to work as a school counselor Kelly Taylor in &#39;90210&#39;.
CW is a &quot;reverse Doherty Brenda Walsh is coming back for a musical director at West Beverly Hills High School&quot; 19 (Reuters) - Television Critics Association conference on &quot;Beverly Hills,&quot; he said.
CW explained that the Doherty has appeared in several episodes in the role of guest.
McCord is a question about the fallout from shooting &quot;while Doherty and Jennie, I was taken to give a talk freely,&quot; said &quot;it could be a problem,&quot; he said.
McCord said, &quot;We will treat the character as a Doherty has appeared and colleagues daehadeut other performers.&quot;
McCord has postponed the akyeon the Eden Bar in the drama &quot;Nip / tuck (nip / tuck) &#39;aired on FX.
Manchester United have emphasized that whatever the Real Madrid signing Cristiano Ronaldo in pursuing any proposed conditions for the renegotiation of Ronaldo&#39;s salary hike there.
Ronaldo, who does not hide the desire to enter Spain has no desire to hang on to all future Manchester United said it again.
In this regard David Gill argued that Manchester United refurbished yijeokseol Real Madrid Ronaldo is also hearing yesterday to receive a higher salary.
Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson angry at the continued courting Ronaldo of Real Madrid&#39;s Cristiano Ronaldo but Real is complaining to the Federation Internationale de Football Association (FIFA) and the time to be played in Euro 2008 did not have a big income.
Ahead of the South Africa tour starting Manchester United Ferguson headed to Portugal last week to meet with Ronaldo for the first time since last May, Manchester United won the Champions League.
Ferguson looked confident after Cristiano Ronaldo Manchester United will remain Ronaldo has also hinted the possibility of miracles amid vacationing in California.
Ronaldo &quot;For the future, I do not know myself,&quot; said &quot;can only know God.
Not to say any more, &quot;he said.
The US Air Force B-52 bomber carrying a crew of six people has crashed on Monday (September 21) in the vicinity of Guam Marine Air Force spokesman he said.
Stark Joel Andersen Air Force Base spokesman said that the rescue and search operations in approximately 48km northwest away from the Pacific Ocean Guam US Coast Guard and US Navy point of a bomber that crashed.
He did not disclose information on survivors.
Stark spokesman said there was an accident bombers, B-52H Stratocaster Fortress (Stratofortress) Louisiana Dale Bach&#39;s Air Force Base and the Department of 4-month rolling work of Guam.
The accident occurred at 9:00 yesterday morning 45 minutes.
Andersen Air Force Base Sector B-52 bombers to Guam in 1944 was the first consideration will participate in the air show celebrated the Independence Day to Japan with the US.
But yieotneunji will have to buy a plane to attend the air show this is unknown.
This design daeseonju US Democratic Senator Barack Obama arrived in Iraq, said on Monday (September 21) announced the US embassy in Iraq.
The first visit to Iraq since 2006. Obama arrived in Afghanistan on the 19th. Obama has since been confirmed as the Democratic presidential candidate, went on the first tour of the path leading to the Middle East and Europe.
Obama stressed if they are elected as President of the United States would end the war in Iraq and sending more troops to Afghanistan.
Obama was accompanied on this trip, the two senators Hazel (Nebraska) of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee to oppose the Senate Armed Services Committee, before the Department of Democratic Senator Jack Reed (Rhode Island) and Iraq.
Armand Kutch Ilo US Embassy spokesman in Iraq, explained that &quot;senators sent a busy time, meet the Iraqi officials, coalition commanders, US embassy officials.&quot;
Kutch you Ilo is scheduled to meet again added that civilians working in Iraq for senators and US soldiers.
Ahead of Obama&#39;s visit to the foreign media, said that the Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki cited, welcomed Obama&#39;s proposal to withdraw from Iraq within 16 months.
The Germans became three people kidnapped by Kurdish rebels was released on Monday (July 20) all men a week and a half.
According to the German Foreign Office, you can relax at the German Embassy in the Turkish capital Ankara.
Frank-Walter Steinmeier, Germany&#39;s foreign minister &quot;had overcome the hostages are poor situation&quot; at a press conference in Berlin on the 20th German capital said, &quot;The government would like to share with the body Germans and their family and the joy of freedom,&quot; he said .
Instruments of this release of the hostages is unknown.
He said that Kurdish rebels there continue holding the hostages until the German government suspended the hostile confrontation of their composition.
Mehmet paroxetine Turkey Ağrı Province Governor said that the release of the Germans to return to Germany as having a complete medical examination.
Kurdish cinnamon Surat communications reported that confirm the fact that the Kurdish Workers Party (PKK) are the three people, including a German, Helmut Johann, Martin jiohpi, Las holpeo reyimi kidnapped last nine days.
Avoid Ararat communication &quot;nor abused the hostages, we is not never Germans&quot; quoted the Kurdistan Workers&#39; Party officials &quot;But if the German government does not improve the hostile confrontation structure for the Kurds or the PKK no intention release a German citizen.&quot; he said.
Meanwhile, Foreign Minister Steinmeier, saying the German government will not go beyond the blackmail.See bar has refused to negotiate with the PKK.
Pope Benedict XVI on the 19th (local time) said Rome some strongly opposed the sexual abuse of Catholic priests and preaching the word of apology to the victims, &quot;misdeeds&quot; of such abuse in a public statement.
The Pope was sorry before the will of the same Mass in Sydney, Australia, with recognition in April suffering caused by sexual abuse scandals in the Roman Church, to visit the United States at the time it raised the water level more than remark that in individual interviews with rape victims.
He is the 19th in the open Mass at St. Mary&#39;s Episcopal Church in Sydney, Australia, &quot;a heartfelt sincere to victims who endured pain and suffering, regret means conveys&quot; and &quot;as a victim priests and also that share their pain certainly say, &quot;he said.
The pope said the apology as a doctor on the third day of attending the &quot;World Youth Day (World Youth Day) &#39;held at the Australian calendar.
&quot;Catholic Woodstock (Catholic Woodstock) &#39;event conducted in the English dub was also attended by more Catholics this year, the world&#39;s largest Catholic event.
The pope &quot;We all feel a sense of shame&quot; about the reports related to sexual abuse of priests and &quot;responsible for atrocities should receive legal punishment,&quot; he said.
He asked to present at the Mass, believers asking priests to work together to stop the abuse.
He said, &quot;This is particularly urgent priority issues to create a more safe and healthy community for the younger generation,&quot; he said.
The Pope has admitted that being in April immense suffering caused by the sexual abuse of priests.
At the time, he &quot;hurt our easy it is very important that people always be protected from those damaging,&quot; he said.
Benedict also held a meeting in Rome three victims of childhood sexual abuse from Catholic priests name.
A woman who lives in Pennsylvania, USA This dwaetdago charged with murdering his 18-year-old female fetus was missing was a suspect in the uterus cut and said the 20th (local time), police.
Charles Moffatt Al reoge am told that counts police chief is charged with 20 days last week, Kea Johnson 18 killings related, Pennsylvania Wilkins bugs murder of Andrea Curry to Plymouth (38) lives in, kidnapping, false imprisonment charges occurred.
Police found the body of Chalmers Johnson&#39;s apartment for 18 days. Curry insisted that his baby to lie and hold the baby taken to the hospital two days ago.
Police were unable to confirm that Curry&#39;s baby Johnson&#39;s baby at the time of the Johnson family was reported missing last week, police dwaetdago Johnson.
Carl William coroner said &quot;Corruption dwaetgo the body of the organ was removed two days have passed since Jones was murdered.&quot;
Police said that Johnson&#39;s hands and legs were tied with duct tape.
William coroner said he found the placenta in situ at a press conference.
Authorities said dental records to confirm the identity of Johnson.
William coroner said the drugs were found in Johnson&#39;s apartment waiting for the toxicology test results to determine whether taking a sedative.
He added, &quot;I suspect that I&#39;m not sure perpetrated off the baby when Johnson was still alive.&quot;
Four won from the ancient ruins in Cambodia border is the debate in the UN Security Council sent a request letter asking to call the attention on the continued presence of the Thai military.
Kana Wu leads the Cambodian Minister JP Key said that not request the intervention of the United Nations.
United Nations Ambassador to Cambodia, said that the right to request a 20-day 6 (Reuters) - In a letter to the Security Council and the UN General Assembly lines pay attention to the crisis.
Cambodia and Thailand have agreed gatgiro 21 days talks to resolve the tensions in the region, while continuing to dispatch troops to the Preah Vihear Temple area.
Cambodia and Thailand has claimed sovereignty over the Preah Vihear Temple was built in the 11th century ruins of Angkor dynasty. Preah Vihear temple, Thailand •
Thailand argued that trying to Cambodian territory, the Cambodian government on the basis of the map of Cambodia is produced when the French colonial period, including the temple and the surrounding area.
Earlier this month, the United Nations, &quot;this temple had a great value,&quot; he admitted to the world cultural heritage of this temple.
In Thailand, the decision of the United Nations is concerned that the quality claims of the four won the border disputed area difficult.
Thai opposition has accused the government of supporting the UN&#39;s World Heritage-listed from the beginning.
Thai court ruling has triggered the resignation of Foreign Minister Fatima hag money.
Fatima, which had the support of the world heritage listed border temple.
British Prime Minister Gordon Brown has said should be discontinued 20 (Reuters) - The Israeli settlements in the West Bank has pledged funding for the recovery of Palestine.
Brown took office as prime minister after the first visit to Israel and Palestine should be emphasized that the economy is easing Israel&#39;s obstruction of the West Bank travel restrictions on trade measures, saying to play a key role in Middle East peace.
Brown and made the issue more than anything settlements in Israel.
Brown said, &quot;I think that the European Union (EU) to take a clear stance on the details.&quot; &quot;We urge Israel to stop building settlements,&quot; he said.
Brown&#39;s day, &quot;thereby settlements spread damage the hard creates mutual trust in the peace process and intensified the suffering of the Palestinians.&quot; At a joint press conference with Jordan, Mahmoud Abbas Palestinian Authority held in the West Bank, Bethlehem involving said &quot;the Israeli peace gestures eventually there is a light that can fade, &quot;he said.
Abbas said, &quot;is an action that violates the principles and spirit&quot; of the Middle East peace he said Israel took a tougher stance critical for East Jerusalem and Israeli settlements in the West Bank.
Abbas is in East Jerusalem has criticized the construction of settlements and prevent this, but the place to be the capital of Palestine, Israel, East Jerusalem.
Brown had a meeting with Prime Minister Ehud Olmert after a visit to Israel. Olmert admitted that while the views of the different settlements and the Palestinians, and the United Kingdom in this place, &quot;I will try not to deviate from the agreement reached with the Palestinians,&quot; he said.
Olmert is negotiating with the Palestinians, saying to be finished by the end of the year, added, &quot;This agreement was not much left.&quot;
Beijing has performed over the vehicle on August 8, sipping my work and staggered ahead of the Olympic Games from the 20th to the prevention of air pollution to the opening day.
This system is the first day 20 (Reuters) - Beijing has implemented a clear sky ateumyeo was smooth traffic of vehicles.
However, it is most important that after the Beijing Olympics.
Beijing has yet been opening new fast 19 days a month and two Airport Express subway line total of three routes, including one more than planned.
One of these measures can not be converted to the Beijing Olympics is difficult to predict the effect of the system is sure how much.
The government did not say how you will measure the quality of air and exhaust gas reduction targets.
Asian Institute Viktor difference of Georgetown University said, &quot;The Chinese people will not want to imagine that the sky is cloudy on the day of the Olympic opening ceremony.&quot;
Taiwanese officials said the flood occurred, 19 people were killed as typhoon &#39;Seagull&#39; hit Taiwan.
Taiwan&#39;s Disaster Relief Center today announced the disappearance of 6 people add 20 (Reuters) - Typhoon.
This is the 18th typhoon hit southern Taiwan, caused gukjiseong rains, floods and landslides.
Death toll was also the first time increased from 13 to 19 people.
Disaster Relief Center said that 10 people were killed while two houses are buried in landslides in Kaohsiung, southern Taiwan.
Taiwan is subject to direct and indirect effects of hurricanes between July to September.
&#39;Seagull&#39; is this year&#39;s first hurricane damage angin in Taiwan.
US Democratic presidential candidate Senator Barack Obama has announced on Tuesday (October 20) the United States should concentrate on Afghanistan, the war on terror.
Obama is the 20th CBS&#39;s TV broadcasters &#39;Face the inside Orientation (Face the Nation)&#39; in the &quot;Afghan government should try more, but the United States should recognize the anxiety and urgent local situation in Afghanistan&quot; and &quot;Afghanistan is the US terrorism I think at the forefront of the war that the United States should concentrate support, &quot;he said.
Obama said that the US military surge in Afghanistan must.
He at CBS &quot;during the current for at least one year, claimed more troops to at least two brigades or three brigades&quot; and &quot;to coordinate military activities more effectively, I think it is very important to unify the command, but it runs out maneuron one brigade &quot;he said.
Obama was criticized on the 20th met with President Hamid Karzai of Afghanistan restore support for the Afghan victims of war shortages.
Obama had this occasion with Karzai in Kabul, the Afghan capital day tour of the Middle East.
Karzai spokesman accepted cheerfully this same speech Obama.
Spokesman Humayun Hamid sleep &quot;was pleased that Obama visited the Afghan side reaffirmed its support for the US in Afghanistan,&quot; he said.
Karzai including Obama, met with parliamentary delegation was also discussed, as well as achieve the goal of the Afghan government in terrorism, corruption, illegal drug trafficking.
Russia is saying God makes the priest.
Clown makes a devil.
Whoever will be Anyone who has the sequel to The Dark Knight in Batman Begins, directed by Christopher Nolan watching the smoke of the Heath Ledger Joker that self-admiration agree.
Joker&#39;s weird and creepy smile on black with a red lipstick painted scars eyes, face turned white makeup is cruel clowns who are interested only in the last laugh.
Leisure is a good representation of the film can not predict the future risk and lively acting.
Nolan&#39;s Joker in the comics and movies made in the previous &quot;camp,&quot; he shouted to smile but a despicable In this film, he said you do not look like that look.
Yirwojyeo he got to Gotham cement and glass production could be different from the real city byeolban that you often see in modern action-thriller.
The director has preferred that unlike Tim Burton and Joel Schumacher, who produced the previous film work in computer graphics studio was almost do not want to use.
The Joker in The Dark Knight has appeared to exist, such as the shadow of Batman or the evil twin.
They were drawn to the existence of need each other helplessly.
Joker in the movie Jerry Maguire deliver crunchy to imitate Batman, &quot;You complete me then,&quot; he whispers.
Joker to blow up the hospital and planted a bomb on a cruise ship Batman to do anything alone to defend an apparent terrorist, freedom and peace in the city is similar to one shown in Homeland Security.
The director was surprised starring Harvey Dent (Aaron ekeuhateu) serves as the district attorney to help Batman to struggle alone.
That he would continue to do navigate the fate will be the decisive content of this movie.
If the dent is bringing a classic atmosphere while ignoring the needs of the movie appeared in ekeuhateu will fail to reverse the movie.
Among the Joker and Batman must face the music flows are nervous.
Dent presents a crucial clue to emerge after the music and solve problems.
Summer, The Dark Knight is a popular action of water beyond the spy film is a film that can be enjoyed both attractions.
Amazing stunts trucks also deliver.
In January, Heath Ledger&#39;s death, and had sometimes filmmaking momentarily interrupted.
Professionals from all walks of life from around the world gathered at the 17th (local time), Oxford, England, and four days to discuss global disaster countermeasures.
They send and receive feedback whether to take any action to prevent such a catastrophe could call the world&#39;s about to end.
In this international conference participants it is planning a nuclear attack or an asteroid contribute ideas how to cope when a collision with Earth.
The last day of Experts will focus on the possibility of a human descendant of Homo sapiens emerged in the fall of the robot with infinite power.
Dr. Nick Bostrom of the future operators of the Oxford Institute for Humanity hosted a symposium warned that &quot;there is more than a clever man appears to be a major threat to humanity,&quot; he said &quot;there is a judgment mistake can bring an end to mankind.&quot;
Tromso is the boss Dr &#39;Transhumanism,&#39; to combine the products of high-tech science and technology as a philosopher development of human potential leaders.
This movement is to study new technologies, as well as threats that may appear in the future, how to get any benefit to humans.
Tromso is the boss, &quot;What is the best value in humans and is studying whether it has plans to expand,&quot; he said.
&quot;We will operate in the future of science and technology world, as well as be used to manage human biological changes,&quot; said &quot;these changes will inevitably take place at a much faster rate than mankind has experienced during the past ten thousand years,&quot; he explained did.
Tromso is the boss about what this revolutionary biotechnological techniques to the light, &quot;could take eight years or it may take 200 years,&quot; he added, &quot;it is difficult to predict the future.&quot;
When made to eat before going to bed omelets you need to know the fact that some of the difference in temperature determines the taste of the food.
Optimum temperature of the wine
Drinking wine and gave her mother-in-law if you bring a wry face you may spend a few years of troubled times ahead.
How can you If you do not have a thermometer?
California Napa Wine Expert Kevin-to-last language of the Valley Wine Education Center, &quot;is give along after 20 minutes after removing it from the case of white wine refrigerator,&quot; he said.
Fill the pots with water to Cut
Proper water temperature:
Cecilia author of Hebrews peonen &#39;in bloom A to Z&#39; (Flowers A to Z) is explained with warm water flows more smoothly in the leafy he said to help the flowering.
How can you If you do not have a thermometer?
Water in pots should be felt like bath water.
Painting at home
Optimum temperature:
25
At this temperature the emulsion is in 2 hours is dry. Thus, households can move left quickly.
How can you If you do not have a thermometer?
If it is close to the right temperature you feel comfortable when you hit me with a tank top.
There is no need to worry about than you think lower temperatures.
Because there is only a difference in drying time.
Proper temperature:
22-25 Fig.
The reason that I cant attention
According to research findings that are less productive it came out when the room temperature falls below 22 degrees.
(But because sleepiness can come if you move 25 degrees is not hot, so most of the office)
How can you If you do not have a thermometer?
The thermostat is not in the office?
The role of the insulation wrapped around the chair and wrap it as a way of raising the temperature of the body itself hedge Allen Professor of Environmental Engineering, Cornell said.
Bathing
Optimum temperature:
The reason that I cant attention
When the bath water too hot, gotta break the skin barrier may be vulnerable to pollutants, bacteria and bacteria.
If the finger feels too hot and put it in the water body it would seem that reaction.
Our bodies are made to adapt only for about 3 minutes in hot water. Skin versa.
US House Speaker Nancy Pelosi was 17 (Reuters) - US President George W Bush&#39;s most trenchant criticism of the president saying &#39;total failure&#39;.
Pelosi Speaker of the House is to be &quot;God bless him, God bless his heart. The overall loser lost all confidence in the US president, he from the Americans in the economy, the war, the energy sector, &quot;he criticized the intensity high.
Bush pointed out that the government does not properly handle the law did not leave the situation in terms of the lawmakers in the White House 16 days 26 ilbake.
Bush said, &quot;This is not a matter of pride that the American people in order to obtain more profits,&quot; he said.
In this regard the President, saying Pelosi is entitled to blame the Congress, he said that those criticisms would not know anything.
But according to a recent survey conducted by the Gallup percentage of Americans who said they trust the parliament fell to their lowest level in 30 years.
Poll 14% of respondents said they trust the US Congress has only 70% gave a negative assessment.
After the US Apple launched the iPhone 3G (generation) combines new features and design in one year it unveiled the iPhone.
Soteupeuweeo third of which can be downloaded from the enhanced 3G wireless network access, Microsoft Exchange Server e-mail, &quot;App Store (App Store) &#39;is what we expect from the iPhone 3G.
Compared to the previous model, the iPhone 3G is still falling but only the basic functions of the phone evaluate dwaetdago standard criteria.
It is an improvement on the previous model, the iPhone 3G is the call quality. Only the results of the investigation on its own 3G iPhone volume Hoping more pronounced noise development was rather less.
In addition, the quality of music and video sound, there was no significant changes.
The batteries 3G phones were worried. According to the review of the past battery life of 3G phones it gotta say one day, but it requires precise experiments.
The price of 3G phones is also one of the important points.
Existing and new customers For iPhone 3G 8GB model for $ 199 and 16GB model of AT &amp; T is available for $ 299.
If you wish to pay the split to pay a $ 74.99 per month. Existing iPhone has had to pay 59 US dollars per month.
If you have not yet purchased an iPhone until now, this is a good opportunity to buy a cell phone.
Hideo Nomo has led the game no-hitter in Major League Baseball expansion caused the US boom of Japanese baseball player announced his retirement.
Nomo announced his retirement that is 17 days said his agent, Don Nomura.
Nomo (39) was known for pitching a deceptive opponent hitters such FALL big forkball was released from the Kansas City Royals in late April.
Grandma Reap 123 games in the majors was recorded the most wins of Japanese pitchers.
He was named the player of the Dodgers days of 1995 National League (NL) this year.
Tom LaSorda right in the Hall of Fame and former LA Dodgers last directed 1995 &quot;Hideo Nomo was a pioneer,&quot; said &quot;he was grown on the dignity and sanctity of the Japanese themselves and their country to the highest level,&quot; he said.
LaSorda added, &quot;assesses that he contributed to the high Japanese players.&quot;
Nomo after the 2005 ban from Major League joined the Royals&#39; bullpen this year.
But he left a poor grade of 18.69 ERA in three appearances in the wake of injuries suffered when spring training.
Globally, the largest-scale Farnborough Air Show opening day, the first thing that visitors are able to visit was only air and Boeing aircraft, buses, reflecting a darker shade of high oil prices.
14 (local time), a large order Farnborough Air Show opened was recorded only one there.But. Abu Dhabi, in charge of the established five years as a state-owned airline Etihad Airways ordered 100 aircraft in this air show.
From now on the focus of the air show it will be fitted to the aircraft.
Parent company European Air Defense Space Company (EADS), Airbus and Boeing is one of the most large-scale companies where the defense.
The Pentagon has caused a stir bar to the tanker replacement was Max emphases of the last US military concluded with non-Boeing EADS.
EADS is a saying that many of its aircraft on the 15th and manufactured in the United States argued that Boeing is participating with the international business of EADS.
Meanwhile, this year&#39;s Farnborough Air Show, the exhibition was an Israeli reconnaissance aircraft with helicopters, UAV aircraft.
Juvenile detainees in Hakodate in the northern Japanese island of Hokkaido to the Foundation and will face Gabon to decorate the letters of &quot;Jade (獄) &#39;circular channels are making aprons, carry bag, a small bag garment products such as life
The products produced as souvenirs for tourists and myeonhoeja was sold in October 2006.
Representatives of Shoji Nakajima calibration Association for Prison Industry Cooperative, said government support and product calibration Association started using the logo in the direct outlet stores in Tokyo have gained popularity in 2007.
To order rush to the relevant Internet shopping mall it was recently sold all the goods.
Nakajima said, &quot;will register increased the popularity of the logo, the logo design, the Patent Office by the prison officials.&quot;
Nakajima also &quot;have been a more compelling thought I&#39;d hate the &#39;Jade (獄)&#39; character logo Iran&quot; and &quot;in particular the younger generation like the logo,&quot; he said.
Calibration association also sells a number of products from furniture and portable shrines (舍 堂) 81,000 inmates were produced by prison labor obligations to cups and green tea.
Nakajima is a simple majority of prisoners are assigned labor tasks like shopping bags and envelopes, pasting, but Nakajima said he hoped Hakodate juvenile way of success is a good precedent to create a more creative products to other prisons.
While he paid the bonus came by the higher sales revenue to Hakodate juvenile detainees resulting proceeds will be added to the labor program operating funds.
The striking design of the logo sold for 12 US dollars (about 12,000) Aprons caught the attention of fans in downtown Tokyo Shinjuku bar.
Manager and waitress in a bar where they should be wearing this apron.
Life was already determined at birth Usha seconds to dry.
Marquez is the one person with the rank of second Dalits (Dalit) caste of scavengers in India, except in seseupje people of this class is to collect the droppings from the higher classes.
It can be seen proudly Many people hate him so early Marquez and also do not want to reach.
Gyegeupje a hereditary caste Hindus of the old traditions are also given people jobs.
The caste system is largely divided into a number of sub-Castro as its base divided into four classes.
Set it the caste system is officially illegal but separating the Indian society, institutional tradition of thousands of years as a classless society.
North India Rajasthan Alwar has untouchables 300 women are working as a janitor.
India has laws that prohibit a person to collect the droppings.
However, this is being done, such as feces collected yet In India, lack of sanitation.
In most parts of India, especially in the province, most bathroom toilet basket type without pipe.
Excrement piled up just off the bottom.
Current ex-untouchables in Alwar-born women have gained 56 patients hope.
The United Nations decided on a year of global sanitation to raise the importance of sanitation in 2008.
New York celebrates them and invited them to praised the hard work that was previously untouchable in Alwar-born women.
He was involved as a model for a fashion show in New York wearing the blue Indian traditional costumes they have designed and manufactured.
Arab said the tourist city of Dubai in the UAE local police had arrested 17 people for homosexual conduct foreign downtown malls and public places.
Zhuhai Air Horon police spokesman redeemed people both men and said, tourists and workers.
He did not disclose the details, in addition to the constraining them on the 16th (local time), in fact.
However, the material Gulf News Dubai (Gulf News) reported that a man arrested by the police dressed tourists 40 people.
Gulf News has reported that these restraint measures as part of the opening movement of the Dubai police chief quoted jurisdiction, transvestite.
The United Arab Emirates is forbidden to express homosexual orientation to the outside.
From the perspective of the Western Dubai is a conservative Arab city, like the Arab countries have an aversion to most homosexual.
Food and Drug Administration (FDA) said it again safely eat 17 (Reuters) tomatoes. Over the past few weeks in the United States and Canada, tomatoes were the leading cause of infectious Salmonella.
Yet until the cause of the infection is unknown, but may not have 20 to 30 reported cases of the disease occur each day the FDA announced dwaetdago weakened contagion spreading salmonella.
Food Protection Commissioner Dade Aceh Basin Dr FDA announced that the FDA has confirmed the stability of the tomato tomatoes Recently farms and shops, but did not determine whether the cause of the salmonella infection.
US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (The US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, CDC) are symptoms since April, after my 42 weeks, Columbia Borough, dwaeteumyeo 1,190 people infected with Salmonella Saint Paul in Hung bacteria from Canada Dual 370 more than the United States in June It had reported that worse.
At least 224 people were hospitalized with infections.
The FDA has two elderly people were killed by the troops of Salmonella infection This Topol-old said that they are also likely to come to death.
90 years ago, it enacted last entire family of the Russian Romanov dynasty era was shot. The scientific evidence that they end the debate on the 17th (local time), some of the Romanov royal viability of which was raised not long dead 90 years later was presented.
Result United States, Russia, Austria, conducted by the Institute of Medicine, forensics, ballistics tests on the bones and teeth, pieces excavated last year, the remains of the last emperor Nicholas II turned out to be a child aged two.
Russian Federal prosecutors investigating committee was confirmed last year in Yekaterinburg dwaetjiman the remains compromised by the chemicals found in the neighborhood would Nikolay II only son Alexei (then 13 years old) Crown Prince and Maria Princess (then 19 years old) .
Vladimir solo non yopeu senior investigator of the Investigation Committee at a press conference on the 16th, &quot;it is certain that the remains found in Prince Alexei and Maria Princess&quot; he said.
In July 1918, July 17, the Bolshevik Party had killed the entire family and all the servants of the Emperor Nikolai II in Yekaterinburg mansion basement.
But do not be a child of two years found the remains of Nicholas II for decades monarchy supporters have speculated that possibly survive even one person among them, and constantly had the expectations for their survival.
The Commission said it would continue genes compared with that of the House of Romanov descendants to survive in the current scientists report.
International oil prices 17 (Reuters) fell example, going close after the first of three consecutive days, a dramatic plunge US $ 130 per barrel this month.
The drop in oil prices was accelerated amid concerns about the US economic slowdown increased.
Wednesday on the New York Mercantile Exchange (NYMEX) the August delivery of West Texas light sweet crude traded in the mountains tumbled 4.4% yesterday and closed trading at $ 129.29 per barrel fell 5.31 dollars.
Until the day oil prices showed a decline of more than $ 15, three consecutive days.
Jonathan goljeu the American Institute of St. Louis brokerage Wachovia shares fell more than 8% said that the Texas light sweet crude for August delivery on the 17th, and this year recorded the highest decline.
Market observers have reported that the drop in oil prices accelerated in early July, every day was gone and the factors fueling the oil price naohmyeonseo this week crude oil for sale in bulk.
The report of the US oil supply is quite wise than the market estimate was 17 days direct cause of oil price plunge.
US Department of Energy&#39;s Energy Information Administration (EIA) said crude oil inventories increased dalhandago 2 trillion 104 billion barrels 310,000,010,000 barrels last week to 48 weeks in a weekly report.
The youngest son of Muammar Gaddafi the Libyan head of state was arrested, accused of assaulting a hotel employee in Switzerland two people dwaetdago said his attorney 17 (local time).
Alain Berger, a lawyer said dwaetdago detained in police cells to assault occurred at a luxury hotel in Hannibal Gaddafi and his wife 15 days in Geneva, Switzerland radio stations.
He said the couple natdago the accused, such as physical injury, intimidation, coercion released bail out for 17 days.
Berger, a lawyer, said that the police had detained two days of Hannibal Gaddafi and his wife were transferred to the detention center came to Geneva to give birth in the maternity hospital.
Swiss daily Tribune de Geneva (Tribune de Geneve) has reported that two employees of the hotel damage Sutton Wilson hotel building next to the Presidential Human Rights Office claimed danghaetdago habitual violence from the couple.
According to the article the couple is to assault an employee with a belt and a hanger was admitted to the hospital from Tunisia Hotels female employees.
Berger, a lawyer said the couple has denied the claims of harm employees.
Gaddafi 32 is sought.
He was a French court to assaulting a pregnant friend in Paris in 2005, the hotel gave him a conviction.
At the time he was sentenced to four months&#39; imprisonment and a fine of 500 euros (about 80 million).
US Democratic presidential candidate Senator Barack Obama camp has announced that it has raised 17 (Reuters) election funds of 52 million US dollars in June. According to the Obama campaign, the mogeumaek was found to more than double than the previous Republican candidate John McCain.
The Obama camp has traditionally operated in this campaign in the Republican stronghold as the main funding for Obama.
Obama&#39;s camp has said that 7200 is the 17th current available funds on hand ten thousand US dollars, which means the size of the cash that the Obama camp has turned to the recent election campaign.
The Obama camp said the increase in the amount of over Obama in June for $ 68 a day on average mogeumaek times more than 22 million US dollars in May to see monthly totals.
Obama has spent more time in the schedule campaigning for voters and delegates more than just fundraising activities&#39;re engrossed in the Democratic primaries was furious and Hillary Clinton.
Announced the results of the Democratic primaries in early June is expected to dwaeteotda Hillary increased in June, declaring the election race stopped funding the Obama mogeumaek.
For McCain trailing far from mogeumaek 22 million US dollars in June, but had collected the most campaign funds so far secured 95 million US dollars to the Republican National Committee combined funds to campaign funds.
David platforms ropes of the Obama camp and the fundraising via e-mail is aware of the lack of party money and &quot;Combined with McCain mogeumaek and the Republican National Committee fund McCain by a large available funds&#39;re still ahead in order to narrow the difference of supporters needs help, &quot;he said.
But the Obama campaign funds, combined with the Democratic National Committee fund is almost the same amount as McCain with 92 million US dollars.
Obama is so last month the government would not accept the public funds of the Federal Government to support a presidential candidate, Obama has much to free the funding and operation.
If Obama is to raise more funds, and in September and October come the important period needed injection of funds available for the campaign to be more advantageous position than McCain. WASHINGTON (CNN) / yisuji (JOINS)
Ronaldinho has joined AC Milan, which is 16 (Reuters) - Kaka, Alexandre pato plays. AC Milan was the Brazilian players are configured gonggyeokjin.
The Manchester City of the English Premier League, but given the number of transfer fees than the $ 50.7 million Ronaldinho chose AC Milan.
Ronaldinho is then contracted for three years. &quot;I wanted to come to, I really Milano&quot; appeared on TV shows in Milan said the &quot;last 5 years has born much has happened, I &#39;Rosso Nero (red and black gets into AC Milan&#39;s jersey) was clothed, &quot;he said.
Ronaldinho has emphasized that, &quot;said delighted to come here, I want to bring pleasure to the Milan fans.&quot;
He added that &quot;this team has many players and lots of Brazilian champions that is true happiness wore the uniform of AC Milan.&quot;
Meanwhile, AC Milan was ranked 5th in the Serie A last season in the Champions League was eliminated in the second round of the damage to Arsenal.
The real estate market experiencing a downturn, but Donald Trump has sold a mansion in Palm Beach, Florida for $ 100 million, his spokeswoman said on Thursday (April 16).
Trump, in a telephone interview with the parent carrier &quot;has now hurt because many real estate&quot; and &quot;may benefit However, in some cases,&quot; he said.
According to a spokesman for the $ 100 million Trump is the most expensive in the US real estate market.
Billionaire Dmitry ribol Grove Aliyev Russia reportedly bought the mansion in 5574 overlooking the Atlantic Trump bought one for $ 41 million in 2004 square meters of land.
The TV show, Kendra Todd starred in &#39;er Prentiss&#39; took on the interior of the mansion.
She was adorned with 24K gold to the bathroom.
The name of this mansion is called the &quot;Maison de Ramiro tee &#39;(Maison de L&#39;Amitie).
Trump said, &quot;This place is a building that represents the Palm Beach Palm Beach expresses everything,&quot; he said.
Alice emitter Darling said British Finance Minister dwaetdago oil tax hike plan was postponed to soaring oil prices.
Darling Secretary of the Treasury is delayed a plan to impose oil tax of two pence per liter (4 cents) argued, &quot;because it can be helpful to the driver in difficult times.&quot;
British Automobile Association president, Edmund King &quot;Drivers do not want the government to give trouble to the people,&quot; he said he welcomed the decision of the Ministry of Finance.
New York, US stocks had soared to success in 16 (Reuters) - Strong financials and air care.
Oil prices also had a positive effect on the share price rises.
The Dow Jones Industrial index rose more than 2.5% (277 points) compared to the previous day.
The Dow Jones rose by the biggest drop since April 1.
Dow Jones has recorded the lowest bar after 15 days, July 21, 2006.
Standard &amp; Poor&#39;s (S &amp; P) 500 index and the Nasdaq composite index tech center rose 2.5% and 3.1%, respectively.
New York markets were soaring inflationary pressures, despite the day.
Consumer Price Index (CPI) which is an important indicator of inflation, rose 5 percent last year, showed the biggest rise in 17 years.
Gasoline and food prices were much higher than the annual salary increase rate of the workers.
Wall Street rose significantly volatility as CPI is released on the 16th and start trading simultaneously.
However, this positive corporate earnings naohmyeonseo reassured investors.
&quot;You can not continue to fall this market,&quot; CEO Harry Clark menijimeonteu Capital Group said, &quot;The psychology of investors&#39;m so shrinking it has all the information is evaluated positively,&quot; he said.
The material next spacecraft designers is most needed now is a large amount of urine.
Screw watch dot com says it attracted US space program contractor Hamilton wire strand (Hamilton Sundstrand) the latest lunar exploration spacecraft developed the Johnson Space Center in Houston, Texas urine of employees belonging to the Orion call made in the internal notice.
One day is required is needed in that kind amounts to 30 liters weekend.
National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) spacecraft maintenance support system plays John Lewis is a pressing issue that eliminate the urine stored in the Orion call you to a designer berth, leaving empty the ship in more than six months in space, which is exploring the Moon Astronauts said that need to be addressed.
Lewis said, &quot;If it is very dirty urine is full&quot; and &quot;really hard discarded urine drainage system prevents the dumping becomes filled with urine to clean and maintain the wastewater treatment system,&quot; he said.
NASA said that it is an old tradition employees collect the urine of staff for ship toilets improved because you can create a fake urine.
Leo Kou village of Lake Orion toilet manufacturer Hamilton wire strands ski spokesman said the company&#39;s daily need 30 urine employees to solve the problem of acidity of urine.
He supply the required amount every day from July 21 to 31, and said he does not have to supply the external public.
Said the guitarist, Ronnie Wood of the US rock group The Rolling Stones admitted to rehab to treat 16 (Reuters) - alcoholism, his spokeswoman said.
Anonymous spokesman, &quot;was for a long time alcoholism was admitted to a rehabilitation center Ronnie&quot; and &quot;relatives and colleagues said that Rooney had asked for help for addiction treatment expected to be overcome,&quot; he said.
Wood (61) has long been plagued with alcoholism, even the Rolling Stones activity days. He worked as a guitarist from &#39;The paeyiseu (The Faces)&#39; albums of the 1960s, the Rolling Stones.
Spokesman did not give specific details if he receive any treatment at rehabilitation centers.
Handsome guitarist Ronnie looked healthy during the last few years.
At the time of selling his portrait in the Great Exhibition of London musicians, he recovered the activity as a musician.
However, the articles he again drinks were reported recently intensively.
80-year-old grandfather had emergency surgery to cut too tight leg in a cast on a broken leg the hospital.
The British Press Association (PA) has reported that Tom Tox living in England North West Rochdale had a heart attack during surgery came as a shock even worse kidney function.
Tox who fell during the two months prior Dog walking is a broken right leg was in a cast from Fairfield General Hospital in Manchester near Berry.
However, he complained of pain, but the hospital staff that Gibbs said that doctors too tight right to ignore them and taking a stronger painkiller.
He said, &quot;throw away the skin, as the burst pressure of a severe leg due to Gibbs,&quot; and &quot;it can not be put up with pain in the hospital were earnestly asked to release the cast,&quot; he said.
If your doctor is not a Torx surgery to cut lost a leg two days after I unpack feature a cast up to the knee warned that life will be in danger.
Tox has admitted being the 84-year-old wife is worried that well be able to care for yourself said ppunyirago hope he will not back such a big mistake, was determined to receive this surgery.
(CNN) / yisuji (JOINS)
##http://article.joins.com/article/cnn_e/article.asp?cat_code=22&Total_ID=3228181
10 years old, informs press Jude, but already divorced from a marriage.
Husband&#39;s marriage to matchmaking Ali was raped and beaten Ali habitually during the marriage.
When informing the brothers and sisters and play marbles smiled an innocent look on with a shy smile.
However, out of the screen reminding stating the marriage was ashamed.
Informing married quietly nodded his head when asked yieotneunji torture.
Ali&#39;s parents sent Ali to marry the male February 30 last year. Notifying said he was old and ugly.
Parents used to think that the laws give good care of Ali. However notifying said her husband is trying to hear the word frequently beat him.
Fortunately informing come back to the bosom of the family.
Ali, like most of the people of Yemen&#39;s parents met with social conventions when deciding to marry her daughter.
Global non-profit organization Oxfam for poor relief was estimated that more than half of the women who married before the age of 18.
Oxfam is part of the force receives the majority of women to marry men older men said that even if the bigamy.
Ren Fang of Vashj Oxfam&#39;s &quot;In The Yemen if the daughter ran away from home or the opposite sex friends and boyfriend afraid to be the value of the family&quot; and &quot;So worried about this family is always close to fear,&quot; he said.
Len is Bache said that working to protect women for early marriage traditions reported that the national crisis in Yemen from early marriage, abused, world&#39;s highest maternal mortality rates in Yemen.
Álvaro Uribe Colombian President 16 (Reuters) - Two weeks ago leftist rebels of the International Committee of the Red Cross is performing the hostage mission to rescue 15 people which was detained personnel to the Colombian Revolutionary Armed Forces (FARC) neutral organizations (ICRC, under the Red Cross ) of admitted with the mark (標 章).
By the Colombian President Uribe agents already released the photos and videos you wear the breastplate of the Red Cross emblem was reported he admits it.
Illegal use of the red cross emblem Geneva Conventions are prohibited.
President Uribe admitted that the Colombian military intelligence agents are agents of problems on national TV and radio stations involved in this hostage rescue operations.
President Uribe said he would support any political responsibility for the area admitted that he made a mistake as commander in chief.
He said, &quot;At the time that the agents in question to do the helicopter was while admitting his mistake perform rescue missions have landed there are so many guerrillas told was uneasy situation,&quot; said &quot;he heart of the Red Cross emblem on the on the felt life-threatening Bay wore, &quot;he explained.
However, the group informed of anonymity, said dwaetdago shots before you perform the mission operations personnel Press Photo.
President Uribe has expressed regret for this mistake and apologized to the Red Cross.
He pointed out that there is a formal disciplinary action against the staff made a breastplate.
Including five Lebanese prisoners being convicted killer has lived the type of people back to Beirut has welcomed them as a war hero.
He is convicted of murder arrived in Beirut Samir Kunta flowing toward Israel, who served in a number of welcome crowd said &quot;We will continue the struggle for the freedom of Palestine.&quot;
He added, &quot;Today again returned to Lebanon from Palestine&quot; and &quot;will again stopped briefly to return to Palestine.&quot;
Israel has released some Kunta LE and four other prisoners convicted on charges of day, Israel killed 1979 men and girls.
They flew was moved to Beirut, President Michael Suleiman was greeted referred to them as &quot;the liberation war hero.
I freed the four prisoners with Kunta Le are the Lebanese militants arrested during two years ago, the war on Hezbollah and Israel.
Meanwhile, Israel had passed the harmful release of 199 people and killed.
Israeli Defense Ministry said the body had sent Hood Woody gold come and Eldar Rove Rove reggae Israeli Army for 16 am, 2006 Hezbollah kidnapped to Israel.
Israeli Defense Ministry said, &quot;Rabbi Pentagon group, the group stage, a forensic professional organization La Roche had a sneak confirmation of their bodies in the border areas.&quot;
Gold came as the funeral of reggae Rove is expected from each chireojil 17, Nahariya and creative yateu Mott jeukin.
McCain began his speech with praise for rival Barack Obama had the audience cheering for them.
He machija a speech on education reform, the audience politely a standing ovation.
McCain had promised he would reform the education system to them and expanding educational opportunities for minorities.
US President George W. Bush said that organizations that were up to the presidency six years with the idea that the NAACP was placed with his stance once had never attended the General Assembly.
McCain has &quot;changed the words do not convey that I praise him&quot; during a speech in Cincinnati, Ohio said as reported. &quot;But Obama is the one who impressed in many ways.&quot;
The collapse rides at a theme park in western Sweden, the Swedish authorities said 30 people were wounded.
Emergency call Monica Grandin Rescue spokesman said no one was injured enough to life in an accident coming down the rainbow that rides in the theme park Lise Berry risk in Gothenburg is.
Spokesman had admitted to the hospital with multiple symptoms such as trauma from a broken leg injured 30 people.
Marin Strom Gothenburg four local police spokesman said several people were riding the rides kkalryeotda to fall off the chair next to the platform outside.
He was riding the rides were 36 at the time of the accident, he said the Swedish National Accident investigators have launched investigation of the incident.
Peter Andersson is responsible for managing the recess Berry said boindago an accident that occurred as a failure of the bearings.
He said, &quot;seems to be a ball bearing for removal rides are not fixed,&quot; he said.
Anderson added, &quot;The fault of the rides in safety tests conducted in the spring was not found.&quot;
Lise Berry theme park rides that are more than 30 popular tourist destinations in Sweden, and is famous as the most interesting theme parks in Northern Europe.
Chinese government officials had 15 days to completely remove the green algae which was spreading in the recent Beijing Olympic Yachting Center in Qingdao, it said (Reuters).
Meanwhile, while spreading algal blooms caused by climate change were in the way of Olympic sailing athletes participate in the training of more than 30 people.
The Chinese government has decided to aim for algae removal operation of Yachting up to 15 days.
Beijing, Wang Hai Tao, vice chairman of the Olympic organizing committee in a telephone interview. &quot;A few days ago, and currently has a completely different algal blooms were removed,&quot; said &quot;are hard to find, especially algae of the Olympic Yachting Center,&quot; he said.
8 for the Olympics to be held in May the Chinese authorities that a thorough and based on a yacht protect the player has mobilized thousands of soldiers, volunteers and fishing boats on the algae removal operation in the last few weeks.
They install a protective device using the net proceeds and the canvas so as to remove the Olympic sailing center job is not spreading algal blooms in the sea outside the stadium in the stadium.
Wang vice &quot;was much improved compared to a few days before the removal work.&quot; &quot;Yesterday mobilized 1,700 fishing boats but found the sea of green algae in Qingdao Global was found only 10 tons,&quot; he said.
He said athletes from 37 countries were trained in yachting.
Beijing Olympics opening ceremony on August 8 and held in Qingdao, the sailing begins in nine days.
The night before the open mass and pop concerts are attended 10 people.
Given the official guide for the pilgrims has been published that the &quot;time (time for silence for reflection) of silence for meditation is the second event day schedule of meditation programs to start in progress.
In the afternoon, a barbecue was held by the American priest in the lab barbecue event, the famous beaches of Bondi Beach Sydney (Bondi Beach) appeared in the place provided in the pilgrimage, around the city to St. Mary&#39;s Cathedral in the city center.
Pope Benedict XVI takes before the last break to attend the ceremony and to the mobile phone of the Catholic believers a day to attend &quot;gave power to the Holy Spirit spread the resurrection of Jesus to you bonaesyeotgo the apostles into the world - Pope Benedict portrait from&quot; I sent that text message.
The &#39;World Youth Day&#39; event, made about 250,000 people participated in the registration of more than half of countries worldwide.
Large Catholic believers attended along a procession of all the groups on the 15th spot of 168 countries, the Sydney Harbor Bridge flags in the evening near the river silt.
Clipper 200 yeocheok open the streets to protest rallies throughout Japan fishermen were on the 15th international oil prices went into shutdown
Fishermen that unless the Japanese government intervention through the first strike in Japan is thought to be difficult to fisheries fuel costs soaring and persuaded the government.
Fishing boats in the harbor throughout Japan have stopped fishing buzzer sound the horn at the same time as a symbol of unity.
Fishermen thousands held a rally in downtown Tokyo. &quot;There are fishermen die&quot; into a megaphone marched around the building shouting slogans and Fisheries.
The association is hoping the subsidy by the government to compensate for spending soaring fuel costs.
The launch comes as a parliamentary republic in Nepal is expected to elect its first president in 19 (Reuters) - Senator indirect vote.
Nepal has been a monarchy, which was abolished 239 years continues as a new Constituent Assembly elected through general elections in April.
But now, the Nepalese Congress, the ruling party won no seats more than half remain unknown instructive any person is elected as the first president.
President of Nepal leaders representing the country as a symbolic, but the first president to be elected to this is to elect a new prime minister for the government.
Three main political parties have agreed to continue for the presidential nomination.
Nepali Congress has won the interim government in Nepal resigned as prime minister chairs the National Congress Party Giri Prasad Koirala representing the party.
Marxist-Leninist Communist Party of Nepal Solidarity is hoping that their representatives elected president.
Majority but hopes that non-political personnel of the Maoist Communist Party of Nepal fails to secure a majority of seats are rather wants to be both representative is elected president.
Ben Bernanke Federal Reserve Board (FRB) Chairman said that 15 (Reuters) - The US housing market contraction in the Senate Finance Committee, and rising energy costs a drag on the US economy.
Bernanke noted that &quot;the crisis in the financial markets, falling home prices, and labor market flexibility, such as crude oil and food prices was the US economy is faced with difficulties.&quot;
Bernanke said the head of the US central bank &quot;has received considerable stress because of a number of financial and research institutions are dark US economic outlook,&quot; said &quot;The confidence-building has not yet occurred for this reason the economy,&quot; he said.
The day the US Senate Finance Committee heard from Bernanke about the US economic outlook and banking crisis, according to mortgage finance company Penny Mae and Freddie Mac insolvency.
Shares of Penny Mae and Freddie Mac, despite the 15th emergency aid announced by the US Treasury and went on to decline.
Shares of every penny had dropped only 27% on the 15th day plunged contains 64% this month.
Shares of Freddie Mac also fell 26% Wednesday slumped 68 percent in July.
The value of the mortgage finance company&#39;s stock has plummeted 80% since the beginning of the year.
AC Milan&#39;s Ronaldinho is 16 days of arrival in Italy, it said it will pay an official agreement through a medical test. Ronaldinho&#39;s contract period is 30 June 2011.
AC Milan had paid the fee 33,400,000 US dollars (USD 33.7 billion won) in Barcelona agreed a 6.3 million US dollars to add when entering the European Football Federation (UEFA) Champions League.
English Premier League but Manchester City have presented a lot of fee than the $ 50.7 million was the magazine won the hearts of Ronaldinho.
Guardiola has stated that &quot;he is able to think once again you show the skill of the&quot; month.
Meanwhile, Ronaldinho has scored 91 goals in 200 games over five seasons with Barcelona. He Liga Barcelona 2005 to 2006, he led a normal and contributed to the 2006 Champions League.
Ronaldinho is expected to play an active part along with Kaka and Alexandre pato at AC Milan.
While the Israeli cabinet approved the 15th (local time) in exchange for Israeli soldiers and the Lebanese prisoners detained in Israel by Hezbollah it is preparing a long-awaited swap with Hezbollah.
Israeli officials do 16 days Rosh western Galilee plans to swap the hostages in Krakow on the 15th night, now this area is a closed military zone it said.
Israeli cabinet passed the 22 mark 3 opposite marks overwhelmingly in favor of the swap with Hezbollah.
Israel has waged a war for Hezbollah bars and 34 days as two years ago, the Israeli army came and H. Hood gold eldat reggae probe is kidnapped by Hezbollah.
Israeli authorities will determine the viability of progress before the end of the swap come with reggae gold brooch.
Hezbollah has prepared a welcoming ceremony for Kunta reugwa four prisoners.
Israel and Hezbollah swap deal conditions were also included reports on the fate of missing Israeli pilot Ron de down long ago.
Israel had come postponed final approval until the review report on de down a Hezbollah has submitted two weeks ago, but approved a hostage swap.
Investors fear that oil prices will further reduce US consumer demand speech of Ben Burr nengki chairman of the US Federal Reserve Board (FRB) has plummeted to 15th (local time), the second largest ever in width.
Wednesday on the New York Mercantile Exchange (NYMEX) the August delivery of West Texas light sweet crude traded on the mountain closed the deal at $ 138.74 per barrel compared to the previous day plunge 6.44 US dollars (4.4%).
The crude tumbled fell most sharply to 10.56 US dollars after a plunge width up to January 17, 1991.
At the time, George HW Bush, former US president has approved the previously released oil reserves in the Gulf War.
However, in 1991 the international oil prices plunged more than $ 10 no only 32 dollars per barrel recorded a 33% decline.
15 days harakyul oil prices did not record the extent of the harakyul to 100 yuan up to 4.4%.
15 Burr nengki am chairman of the FRB has warned that the purchasing power of US households to be limited to high oil prices.
Burr nengki Chairman prospect of high oil prices costs the US Senate Banking Committee that the US economy will slow in the second half.
He warned that the higher the proportion of fuel and purchased goods in the consumer spending that may be incurred as a result of the industry.
Immediately after the speech server nengki Chairman, oil prices fell to intraday plunge once more than $ 900, 136 US dollars a barrel was slightly higher.
US Democratic presidential candidate Senator Barack Obama has emphasized the need to further paradox 15 (Reuters) - Iraq is a dangerous confusion is the victory of the war in Afghanistan.
Obama dwaeseo should not be in Iraq, Afghanistan, focus on the front lines in Iraq to the war with the obvious terror in the election campaign that says the major policies on US national security in the &quot;George John McCain Bush and Republican presidential candidate ever He insisted he is not even. &quot;
Obama said that some of his new strategy will be a war with al Qaeda in Afghanistan and Pakistan.
Immediately after Obama&#39;s speech McCain emphasized further his proposals for additional troops attack the policies of Obama and Afghan opposition victory before the Iraq war.
McCain, &quot;Obama knows that going to do with also soon rise in Iraq and Afghanistan trip survey of the two regions,&quot; said, &quot;He even before the Iraq and Afghan tour in Iraq US commander David L Treasure-house in Iraq, US commanders and before meeting , emphasized his plan for before you even see the progress in Iraq, before Afghanistan and Iraq before the day even before the visit was the first time in Afghanistan, &quot;he said.
&quot;The experience phase, surveys are typically the best way to change your opinion,&quot; said, &quot;If you come to reality in the field is to propose a new strategy,&quot; he said.
Obama said that if elected president will campaign in this day command a new mission to Iraq before ending at the day job in the US.
Obama Nouri al-Maliki, and pointed out the US troop withdrawal schedule presented demands of the Iraqi prime minister, &quot;now time to relocate the US military,&quot; said, &quot;This Iraqi leaders have their own political will seek answers and to relocate the US military in Afghanistan and US border security concerns when you re-focus on the said. &quot;
Obama said he would withdraw the US military in Iraq sequentially until the first half of 2010 and the two surge brigades (9,000 people), at least in Afghanistan.
Obama had a column in the New York Times wrote the day before the day the day presented a concrete plan about the Iraq war was speaking about this in the Ronald Reagan International Trade Center in Washington on Wednesday.
Sources familiar with Obama&#39;s plans said that Obama is going to rise in the Middle East war zone tour two months with a colleague Chuck Hagel and Senator Jack Reed.
Apple said dwaetdago 14 (local time), iPhone (iPhone) is the latest model 1000000 sold on the market three days.
Steve Jobs, Apple&#39;s chief executive officer, &quot;raised selling the iPhone 3G amazing weekend,&quot; he said in a statement.
But also the software problem after another as the explosive sales of the iPhone.
Store staff could not give an opening services to customers from Moline to buy a new iPhone this individual buyers at once connected to the Apple server, and the server was down also.
Moreover, the latest version of the software was to operate the older iPhone again.
Apple homepage dwaetgo restored over the weekend geujeseoya buyers were able to use the newly purchased iPhone.
Gyehoekryang year sales of the new iPhone, which Apple is the current target is 10 million.
British media reported that the British appeared again in five years, only missing wife dwaetdago accused of deceiving the insurance company and the Son.
And he has strongly denied on Wednesday allegations of money laundering and fraud.
Former guards and former teacher whose husband John Darwin dwaeteuna presumed missing, drowned five years ago, the southeast coast of the United Kingdom revealed a look at the end of last year, the London police.
Examination he had his death sentence in the last 13 months is not missing in 2003.
The US Geological Survey reported that 14 (local time), an earthquake occurred in Greece and the islands near the Turkish coast.
The earthquake was a magnitude 6.4 earthquake.
The epicenter of the earthquake is closer to Turkish than Greek mainland coast 64km southwest away from the 12 Greek command (領) the Dodecanese Islands Cannes Islands (諸島) in the year (海) offshore to the southwest coast of Turkey.
The earthquake took place at 6:00 am 26 minutes.
There were no immediate reports that property damage or personal injury.
German police said two people who game the players to challenge the stamina to climb the highest mountain in Germany, died of hypothermia and lack of oxygen.
Police and prosecutors have launched an investigation relating thereto.
Both were 2900m above sea level, the game rise to the height of the Zugspitze in Germany and Austria border was opened on Monday (July 13) before arriving at the final destination both players fell suddenly.
Police were unable to revive the German and Austrian rescue the two players were killed in both hypothermia and lack of oxygen.
The police were taken to hospital showed symptoms of exhaustion and hypothermia six other players lightness seriously ill person is said there.
The total distance of 14.6km The match started in Austria eheul Wald.
Yankee Stadium fans that did not star the home team to cheer were excited to Josh Hamilton (27, Texas Rangers).
He told me entertain fans found the Yankee Stadium.
Texas Rangers slugger Hamilton 14 (Reuters) - but US professional baseball (MLB) naemyeo hit 28 homers in the first round of the All-Star Game Home Run Derby establish a new record for the sector trophy that Stern mono (the last round 27. Minnesota It fell to handing the Twins).
Mono record five homers in the final round, it surpassed mere three Hamilton.
However, players who picked the day, the spotlight was Hamilton himyeo first All-Star this season, scored the continued homreonpo in &quot;the house built by Babe Ruth.&quot;
Hamilton &quot;It played a cheering crowd getting loud with all of the stadium,&quot; said &quot;the fans were chanting my name, I was able to focus more on the game,&quot; he said.
Hamilton did when you send an anonymous childhood addiction to drugs and alcohol is cleared to wear the All-Star Home Run Derby Round 1 record had been held by Bobby eobeureyiyu.
Eobeureyiyu are bars recorded 24 homers in the first round held All-Star Home Run Derby at Comerica Park in Detroit in 2005.
Hamilton then wrote a daegirok a TV interview, &quot;How many did not know if I can hit a home run,&quot; said, &quot;It seems a dream come true,&quot; he said.
Hamilton added, &quot;I think that was the game, here is an honor.&quot;
Asian stock markets despite the emergency aid announced on the 15th federal mortgage agency Fannie Mae (Fannie Mae) and Freddie Mac (Freddie Mac) and grows anxious about the US financial system was dropped altogether.
The day Asian markets such as Hong Kong&#39;s Hang Seng index was 3.2%, Taiwan Taiex index tumbled close to 4%, showed most naerimse.
For the Japanese market Nikkei 225 index falls 2% scores 10,000 2750.10.
Day, most stocks fell in Asian markets was the decline of bank shares more great because of the concern of the US financial turmoil would spill over into Asia.
Japan has also a regional business magazine has reported that the naohmyeonseo invested three banks Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac 4.7 trillion yen ($ 44 billion) of Japanese traders are suffering confusion.
Meanwhile, the US government has to preserve some loss of short-term high financial dependence of these federal mortgage lending institution in government finances.
British Prime Minister Gordon Brown urged to also join The European Union (EU), saying to be launched on the 14th (local time) by the British government in Zimbabwe sanctions.
Movements in Britain is the United Nations Security Council sanctions on President Robert Mugabe and his entourage to 11 people voted according to the contrary, China and Russia.
Prime Minister Brown said, &quot;can not be justified unfortunate day&quot; for the veto of China and Russia in a press conference Wednesday. &quot;Most people in the world are looking forward to concrete action on Zimbabwe dictatorship,&quot; he said.
Brown said, &quot;We will raise our jejaean yourself,&quot; insisted, &quot;We put a name to jejaean hope to cooperate as much as possible to open the conference in the European Union soon as possible.&quot;
Brown told them, &quot;I was instructed to trace the hidden assets placed on several continents, including anti-money laundering, the Ministry of Finance today international organizations silse of the Mugabe regime to cooperate with (FATF) to suggest Oh Europe, Africa,&quot; he said &quot;through this will be able to take strong action, &quot;he said.
Brown has yet to prepare a &quot;compromise that will not make it,&quot; he said he would present a new resolution in the United Nations.
Earlier, the US let Despite the recommendations of the UN Security Council samurai Bega River and the runoff has submitted a resolution to sanction Zimbabwe bar.
In particular, the regulation of subprime mortgage loans bad credit is enhanced.
FRB was substantially amended in the part not regulated announced last December.
The customer should not regulate lending to the strengthening they expressed the position that &quot;regulatory proposal before the credit will appreciate this too many loopholes, such as to implement loans to people uncertain.&quot;
The FRB has some concessions to the lenders concerned will not know the map, depending on the loan is almost impossible to strengthen regulation.
The regulations established in this proposal will apply to all customers with mortgage loans.
However, the Council was of the view that the ailing mortgage industry to continue operating.
Robert harvesters gel FAA enforcement executives said that FAA has spent the budget, including the JFK airport, a twenty three years the airport runway 400 million US dollars (about 400 billion won) congestion in the United States to install a state-of-the-art status indicator.
Indicators can be understood by pilots because the runway situation, but deeply buried installation on a concrete runway works like a traffic light.
Master gel executives said the crash rate that may occur in the result of the test runway this indicator over the past two and a half years at the Dallas airport was a line about 70%.
In Nigeria&#39;s capital Nairobi nearby Westland strength of all 14 (Reuters) - AM firearms have raided a casino, five people were killed, except for one person at the end of police gunfire, police said.
Charles ohwi furnace Nairobi local police spokesman, &quot;there were casino employees from day one&quot; and &quot;Five people were killed at the end of the confrontation with the police,&quot; he said.
Oh Ino spokesman struck one of the people the strength to run away.
He said the incident occurred at a casino operated by Holiday Inn.
Obama and his wife Michelle election headquarters of presidential candidate, Senator Barack Obama of the United States Democratic Party suggests that the US magazine on the cover of the latest issue of the New Yorker criticized sharply dwaetdago portrayed as terrorists against the United States.
13 (local time), the issue has captured the look in magazines with his wife, Michelle Obama, who wears the traditional Muslim garb in the Oval Office and holding a machine gun while the hair of the black cover.
Bill Button Obama spokesman, &quot;explained that the New Yorker staff tried symbolizing this magazine view to driving the Obama Muslim accused some of my right-wing US on the cover,&quot; a statement said. &quot;But this most readers vulgar and offensive to and agree to that opinion, &quot;he said.
Turkey said on Tuesday (July 14) to prosecute the case and arrested 86 people involved had cut aeyi Center Gisborne Istanbul jurisdiction engine test putative terrorist plot through a press conference.
Among the people arrested and prosecuted for this were included retired military officials, journalists, politicians, businessmen and so on.
Suspects are &#39;Con El gene (Ergenekon)&#39; means a terrorist group affiliated with the objective to overthrow the Turkish government.
Police have arrested some of the AIRE gene belongs cone personnel since last June.
The press has reported that the government had suppressed the media in this process, many people have no redemption charge.
The Olympics enters the countdown to the Chinese government that strives to strengthen security announced for the 14th (local time) to carry the goods can not act that should not be at the Olympic Stadium.
Olympic organizers had conducted training against civilians, including a few years ago because saliva spit on the street until the 8th of next month to pay for the full opening of the Olympic Games, give the clerk, to kindly stand to foreigners.
Damn Liang Organizing Committee official said, &quot;it is an object of this announcement is to create a calm and maintain order in the stadium environment,&quot; he said on the 14th.
Prohibited items include two firearms, ammunition flow, a crossbow, a weapon acids, gunpowder for fireworks, flammable substances, such as toxic chemicals, radioactive substances were set.
Comprehensively regulated items, musical instruments, oversized luggage bags, travel bags, handbags, Olympic or Paralympic Games participants and no flag of the country, horizontal 6m vertical 1m or more flags, banners, leaflets, videos for posters, unauthorized professional photography equipment participation etc. were included.
In addition, transient (果 刀), a baseball bat, long umbrellas, long stick, pets, except folding stroller and wheelchair vehicles, loudspeakers, radios, laser devices, except guide dogs, wireless devices is also regulated.
In addition, the stadium can not smoke, guard rail crossing, umbrellas used seoitgi long time in the seat, out, spin flash during shooting and so on.
Recently, 80 people were arrested as such enforcement.
Deulmyeo people flocking to enjoy Western-style party in Dubai with traditional Islamic culture alive is happening collisions of police and tourists.
Police doeja is caught early gatdeon of the British couple having sex in the Dubai coast prosecution began a crackdown on lewd behavior at the beach.
Kharkiv State Halon Dubai hyeongsabu spokesman said all 79 people arrested on suspicion of an act that interferes with the family enjoying the beach atmosphere over 14 days 2 weeks (local time).
As a result, to win the Dubai city government Western tourists and foreign residents of the city with high-rise hotels and a colorful building in Dubai, but has embarked on a campaign to inform that it is a conservative Islamic country.
Dubai City officials said Abdullah Mohammed Raffia sunbathing naked torso in the language of the world, such as Arabic and English, or install a public warning not to sign the act of wearing a change of clothes in Dubai.
The government has organized a public awareness campaign.
City officials if the second beomil batjiman a simple warning can be said in the case of criminal recidivism.
DUBAI, United Arab Emirates (CNN) / yisuji (JOINS)
US President George W. Bush has revoked the executive order banning 14 (Reuters) - Oil drilling in the United States coast.
It noted that President Bush is suffering from a statement released by the White House as the gasoline that people are soaring, and said, &quot;will be able to ease the burden of high oil prices, oil drilling permit.&quot;
Currently, drilling is prohibited in federal law coast.
Bush said, &quot;The only remaining issue in the ditch between the soaring oil prices and oil reserves is that Congress follow the action,&quot; he said.
Bush has continued to urge the Council to abolish pass over the coastal drilling ban in 1981.
Last month, in a statement, &quot;There is no reason to delay the abolition of the drilling ban&quot; was balhigido entry.
He added that at the time &quot;when the short-term view of oil dependence on the US economy will continue to rise, which means that there is a need to increase the supply of oil in the United States&quot; and &quot;the most urgent problem to be solved is the US oil problem&quot;.
Oil drilling moratorium in coastal fermentation was agreed in 1990, while the current president&#39;s father, former President HW Bush last year.
But Senator Barack Obama of the Democratic Party revealed the meaning of the opposition to his stance.
The experts are expected to allow oil drilling in a sense, the United States Coast that it takes a long period petroleum development is not jujin an immediate impact on international oil prices.
Usain Bolt (Jamaica 22.) on Wednesday (May 13) 19.67 seconds to win at the Athens International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF) Grand Prix 200m held in Athens and wrote a record high this season.
Bolt is &quot;very pleased with today&#39;s recording&quot; at a press conference, said &quot;there is myself achieve good results in the Beijing Olympics,&quot; he said.
Athens Grand Prix match in the Men&#39;s 110m Hurdles Robles (Cuba) as this to the world-record holder was once again won by 13 seconds 04.
Said &quot;The Olympic gold medal is the most important to me,&quot; Robles explained, &quot;The reason is because the Olympic Games are a chance only once every four years.&quot;
With Robles said, &quot;Lou (Xiang) will be a challenging opponent.&quot; &quot;He&#39;s a good person and also the Chinese people love him,&quot; he added.
He renewed the world record of 12 seconds 89, who had opened the books Lucien IAAF Grand Prix 110m Hurdles and won the match in the Czech Republic last month, 87 to 12 seconds.
Russian authorities were violent reactions in relation to those American and British officials have denied maengbinan Zimbabwe Resolution in Russia.
US and British officials on the 11th (local time), was surprised about having the Zimbabwe sanctions resolution submitted to the UN Security Council voted to deny Russia and China.
The US-led sanctions have the aim to punish President Robert Mugabe suppressed the opposition Alliance for Democratic Change (MDC) in Zimbabwe before and after the elections.
In this connection the Russian Foreign Ministry said, &quot;does not seem to recognize that Russia is a partner of the G-8&quot; in a statement released on the 12th he said.
Russian Foreign Ministry has yet G-8 Summit in Japan Zimbabwe sanctions by the United Nations said they never discussed.
Russia has yet to deal with the claim that this agenda in the G-8 summit level before the intervention of the United Nations.
Meanwhile, Zimbabwe sanctions by the United Nations holds the Mugabe and his entourage travel ban on 11 people, assets freeze, arms embargo and the like.
Whereas Zimbabwe sanctions are nine of the 15 member states of the UN have thrown the vote was rejected for five countries, including Russia and China, it expressed the opposite tension.
That the world&#39;s oldest blogger grandmother Australian health is deteriorating every day dwaetjiman sent his singing how happy songs, leaving the final testament to his blog, he died at the age of 108. He was three.
Olive Riley&#39;s grandmother is a federated Press (AAP) on Wednesday (August 12), he died in a nursing home in the Australian state of New South Wales Australian Air Sociedad reported.
She has a video series posted on his blog, &quot;Life of Riley (The Life of Riley) and the &#39;YouTube (YouTube)&#39; captured content to meditate on their daily lives.
She also during the second battle of World War II, working as a cook and waitress raised the bar autobiographical article raised 3 kills children.
US brewer Anheuser-Busch has been found that the Board accepts the proposed acquisition of the Belgian second largest beer company in the world Bev.
Earlier InBev last June 11 Anheuser-bar has been denied, but given the price of 46 billion acquisition of the Bush side.
The Missouri politicians are saying the acquisition negotiations can lead to confusion in the American beer market was in the opposition.
Anheuser-Busch, the St. Louis headquarters and 6,000 employees reside.
Kentucky Christian organizations dealing with the clergy and believers during worship snakes were 10 people caught in the wild snakes intensive enforcement of wildlife trade officer.
Kentucky jurisdiction of wild fish and animals illegal trading crackdown Police Department Captain Bob Milligan said most of the dead snakes seized 100 horses in this crackdown conducted secretly 10 days.
Police Americas mountain viper 42 room Hydrus 11, North American vipers 3, Diamondback Rattlesnake 1, Cobra 2, African vipers were confiscated one such as found in the home of Gregory James kukcheu in to those most Boro did.
Appalachian sweetheart gyose areas of fundamentalist Christian groups are preaching the biblical haeseokron it can not hurt to pick up a snake faithful believers in fundamentalist doctrine.
Such acts of religious groups, including the Kentucky stipulates illegal in most US states.
Ka (36) had the &#39;fulness of the gospel, the Church (Full Gospel Tabernacle in Jesus Name) in the name of Jesus, and of the leading religious worship braid 1995 snake bite in the room thinking Tennessee-born women hiding in the middle boroughs.
Victims husband was bitten by a snake died three years ago in the northeastern Alabama.
Police said the accused allegedly Ka 10 days reptile trafficking and illegal possession.
Twins after the birth, Brad Pitt was impressed, but the difference Angelina Jolie talked happily.
World&#39;s top celebrities &#39;beuranjelrina (Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie coined a)&#39; couple at a hospital on the French Riviera near the beach that talked were mothers and newborns all really healthy with the joy of giving birth to fraternal twins birth of these couples One obstetrician responsible for 13 (Reuters) - the news said the birth of the couple.
Fraternal twins born 12 days in 1 minute differences in the afternoon, Knox Leon and Vivienne large village chelrin is the simultaneous birth and was crowned as &quot;Million Dollar Baby.&quot;
Hospital side of these families can through the windows of the blue room have a panoramic view of the beach in Nice Beach daylight, but they had a special deal with this window in order to avoid the hidden camera paparazzi.
Responsible obstetrician, Dr. Michel Saskatchewan only saw Jolie said Pitt (44) kept the caesarean section to retrieve the size of the non Vienna Knox 2.28kg and 2.27kg of the next Jolie for giving birth to twins.
Dr Saskatoon, only this time the Caesarean section was performed on a scheduled date to be twins to be born in the best possible conditions for health reasons, &quot;he said.
But experience the tension will be chosen as Miss Universe honors in the Miss Venezuela was held on Tuesday (July 14), 2008 Miss Universe pageant, Miss America has experienced the giddy moments after the fall of the last two years in a row evening dress parade.
The Miss Venezuela this year, the highest beauties Jana Mendoza, 22, was interviewed after the hand over the crown from a Riyo Mori of Japan last year, Miss Universe reporters.
Dayana Mendoza is&#39;ve which was once kidnapped in Venezuela, he said he learned how unwavering the experience tense moments over those days.
This also had a tense moment fall from the stage, Miss Texas USA Chris Watts framework stew in the Miss Universe competition.
During the outdoor evening dress parade as soon as the 12th Miss USA ohreuja stepped on the stage and fell to the foot of the evening dress decorated with Bijou.
Last year, during the fall and also evening dress parade during the Miss Universe competition held in Mexico City, Miss USA Rachel Smith unintentionally through YouTube videos that are reenactment mistake climbed to stardom.
Like Smith, Stewart also went on the march, as there was no one to quickly rectify after the fall.
Among the final candidates ranked 54 patients were mostly Miss Mexico, Miss Dominican Republic, Miss Colombia, Miss Venezuela won, except for the Latin American-born beauties Miss Russia.
Miss Colombia took the second place followed by Mendoza.
The imagination of Miss Thailand traditional Miss El Salvador was woojeongsang.
South Korea, while North Korea denounced sikyeotdago heightened tensions on the Korean peninsula in the 13th Mt. murder case, North Korea has rejected the North South dialogue proposal.
North Korean Labor Party bronchial newspaper commentary in the &quot;North Korean President Lee Myung-bak proposed a dialogue is not even worthy of consideration,&quot; he said.
Labor newspaper emphasized that the President&#39;s proposed &quot;peaceful plasticized tricks to evade responsibility for the tense relationship between the two sides.&quot;
North Koreans increased tensions on the peninsula after the incident by the South Korean tourist killed mt.
South Korea accused North Korea killed innocent civilians and demanded that we give permission to the south investigator to thoroughly investigate the incident.
The government has suspended the Kumgang until the end of the investigation of the incident.
However, the 53-year-old victim of the North ignored warning shots and the North Korean claims went beyond the controlled area and said it would not cooperate with any investigation of the South.
North Korea has demanded an apology for being suspended in this case to the Mt. Kumgang tourism officials.
Nicolas Sarkozy, the French president said Wednesday (August 12), agreed to install the Embassy of the Syrian and Lebanese partners are for the first time in history.
However, Syrian President Bashar Assad said that the challenges remain.
Lebanon and Syria did not leave the embassy partners since independence in 1943 and 1945.
Syria has stationed thousands of troops sikimyeo dominated Lebanon for almost 30 years until 2005.
Assad if the Hezbollah alliance of the anti-Syrian opposition Syrian family has secured a majority in the Lebanese parliament last month agreed on close co Cabinet said that to restore diplomatic relations with Lebanon.
In this regard the Lebanese Cabinet was composed 11 days close cooperation at the end of a few weeks debate.
Sarkozy with Assad and Lebanese President Michel chain sulreyi only talks stressed that &quot;President Bashar Assad has contributed to the development of history and decided to dispatch an envoy to Lebanon,&quot; at a press conference on Tuesday.
Whereas Assad were cautious, saying their homework remains to be solved in order to open an embassy between the two countries.
The only sulreyi was evaluated to strengthen diplomatic relations with Syria as a positive.
Sulreyi just ahead of the meeting with Sarkozy. &quot;We are hoping for diplomatic relations to dispatch ambassadors to Syria and partners,&quot; he said, &quot;This is perfectly normal.&quot;
200 successor police in western Nepal Police Training Center requires improvements in treatment and diet and training took eight people hostage, senior police officials said.
The police authorities during the negotiations with police staged a hostage and asked for support to other local city police.
Large mode dotel Interior Ministry spokesman, &quot;he read aloud the 31 kinds of information, their requirements as they did on the 12th loudspeaker deutjin an official position from the successor to protest the police,&quot; he said on the 13th.
Dotel spokeswoman said she also includes improving the treatment of the successors of my eating habits, and new camps of the conditions required of the police staged a hostage.
Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert on Monday (July 13) announced jyeotdago the conclusion of a peace agreement with the Palestinians closer than ever before to participate in the summit for the Union for the Mediterranean launched in Paris held.
Olmert said at a joint press conference with Mahmoud Abbas and the Palestinian Government, Nicolas Sarkozy, the French President emphasized, &quot;We are never more dagaseon the possibility of a peace agreement by the agreement today.&quot;
All merit Prime Minister added, &quot;that the Palestinian Authority and Israel will embark on a final settlement of the great problems unfulfilled once before.&quot;
The 2,000 al-Bashir with cheers for the president represents the state during the Ministerial Conference chair encouraging him shouted the slogan &quot;The United States is the country retreat.&quot;
Sudan&#39;s UN ambassador said the embassy plans to charge an arrest warrant on charges that the 11th International Constitutional Court (ICC) to intervene in the five years of the massacre that occurred in the Darfur region of Sudan in 14 days.
ICC prosecutor Louis Moreno Ocampo said the President Al Bashir warrant will be the first sitting president indicted by the ICC in relation to the Holocaust.
Last weekend the US Federal banking supervisory agency, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) the State of California mortgage lending private banks of indie Mac (IndyMac) &#39;after taking over the reigns of the &quot;Indy Mac was sound under the control of a federal agency and a safe condition 14 (local time) was the sales will resume, &quot;said the new CEO of the Indy Mac is the 13th commitment.
Bo Benji was at the press conference &quot;FDIC guarding the value of the Indy Mac and made a plan aiming to switch to private banks in the coming months,&quot; he said.
The change to the current name &quot;Indy Mac Federal Bank (IndyMac Federal Bank) &#39;Bank was once the largest US mortgage lender.
But Indy Mac customers doeja crisis continues to draw 1.3 billion US dollars in the past two weeks the US savings institutions Authority (Office of Thrift Supervision, OTS) seized the assets of the 11th Indy Mac.
Free environmentalism of the Greens party, the United States has designated 12 (Reuters) - Georgia, former Rep. Cynthia McKinney as a presidential candidate.
McKinney candidates (53) which was elected five times congressman revealed that the later the Bush administration occurred September 11 in Washington and New York in 2001, in an interview with a radio station continues to claim the benefits to be gained from the war in Iraq on their 2002 local classifieds Atlanta State was defeated in the primary.
Two years later he was re-elected to the House of Representatives expand the campaign to refrain from avoiding the most controversial.
McKinney has surpassed the three people in the Green Party primary candidate was elected to the National Convention in Chicago, the main presidential candidates.
He named the journalist and civic activist Rosa Clemente as a vice presidential candidate.
The farmers for a photo shoot tigers in Lorca in the province of San staring at the camera and curled claim rights and incident began.
That friendship Rong This issue was angry with fake goods, extortion, lies the problem of senior officials to interfere in China&#39;s modernization epic nine months after the first public online this photo.
State-run media, 54-year-old me friendship Rong year was agriculture, hunting whose line like this to hear Giving a prize of one million yuan (about 150 million won) to the person who discovered 20 years ago disappeared wild tigers in southern China the reported committed work.
He saw a tiger in October 2006, Shaanxi bush said the Tigers had forged dozens of pictures.
Shaanxi competent senior officials held a press conference after the incident occurred a week and admitted his claim was paid a reward of 20,000 yuan (about 300 million).
At the time China Daily shareholders Shaanxi Long quoting Forest bucheongjang &quot;detailed findings this picture turned out really,&quot; he reported, had &quot;been wild tigers are found in 20 years.&quot;
But the happiness of that friendship, Rong did not last long.
China&#39;s online group members have questioned the authenticity of the photos said the tiger too bright.
But photos taken from the trees of the Tiger movement was all.
Then while one of the netizens the exact same chapter one picture a picture of a tiger up on the Internet the authorities embarked on a public survey.
Shaanxi province at the time the competent senior officials have argued that the problem in the picture.
But eventually Shaanxi competent senior officials acknowledged this week that the picture is synthesized.
He nearly an entire city disappear after its power can be a hundred times stronger than a Siberian tungguseuka large explosion occurred atomic bomb dropped on Hiroshima was able to witness in hundreds of kilometers may not support&#39;s been 100 years yet to reveal the cause.
Analysis of the scientists on tungguseuka large explosion was different, respectively. Scientists and UFO enthusiasts, mystics are tungguseuka explode argued that because the crash landing, the wrath of God on UFO crash into each asteroid and the Earth, the Earth.
However, research has tungguseuka explode for 35 years Stanislav Slavic Crimean Pia Cove several times appeared on the American TV &#39;X- Files&#39; said did not reveal any remarkable theory explains the explosion.
He said, &quot;Many people have established a theory on the basis of poor information&quot; in an interview with CNN.
Pia draw Cove &quot;But this unusual phenomenon is difficult to explain by analogy or what criteria&quot; and &quot;more forward-looking study this question, it is ambiguous and complex.
A strange phenomenon, &quot;he added.
Tungguseuka research to find the cause of the big bang was all the old trees and a crater was found at the time between the cutouts All it dwaeteumyeo start in the second half 1920.
First there was little income dwaeteuna World War II once again to resume research after.
But tonggu dwaetgo the 80 million trees destroyed by Ska Explosion traces remain today, but the background of the explosion is still a mystery.
US NBC viewers are coming will operate the &#39;10 one hundred million US dollars Institute to determine whether the use of certain media during the Beijing Olympics, which opened August 8th.
NBC announced how many consumers will showcase a new business model that even Internet streaming mobile TV services and others to that informs pay attention to the Beijing Olympics and NBC&#39;s Allen Institute for Artisan wojel to advertisers.
He argued that &quot;a billion dollars Institute will provide a new NBC broadcast environment.&quot;
Among these, NBC broadcasts and other business models, Telemundo, (Telemundo), USA, CNBC, will be aired during the Beijing Olympic Games 3600 hours through Bravo (Bravo).
NBC will also provide a viewable 2,200 hours of Internet streaming service in NBCOlympics.com.
Viewers if you apply a computer available for Internet streaming service and can enjoy a variety of content in the Olympic Games to your mobile phone.
Meanwhile, NBC announced the wojel will determine how many people watch the Beijing Olympics at home with the help of Nielsen Media Research, but how to investigate the ratings of all the media does not yet exist until.
Barcelona is a good security as it should be fine to get around the major attractions on foot side. However, an anonymous police officer approached the stranger standing too kindly said that it is necessary to boundaries.
If someone Pay attention if you want to ask what had a sense of de Barcelona, in the heart or hug you.
Pickpockets pan should be noted that this way people are then guided to the boundary sets out to solve the crime.
Barcelona police SWAT operations, and has placed them where to find a lot of tourists like raram blah.
Cancun (Mexico)
How traders selling jewelry on the beach all you have to do is convince a company that stuff.
Police said that tourists should not doendamyeo always stand beyond doubt to those described above.
According to V. Farrar also part of the Cancun police spokesman jewelry sellers explained that they display one thing is dwaetdamyeo hereafter requires a price of $ 20 out.
However, these gems turn yellow in a few weeks to be made with cheap materials or loses its color.
Farrar also emphasized that &quot;tourists from the United States or Canada, they always want a bargain,&quot; and &quot;visitors will not know whether they purchase goods at a cheaper price at the beach but the quality will not afford.&quot;
If you go by taxi from the airport to the city center is Tan said that if it takes more than 20 minutes to judge the taxi driver would deliberately going around the road to Las Vegas police officer Jose Montoya.
Nevada authorities, saying the growing expedient operation as had advised the attention of tourists.
Police told Complaints should report it to the taxi in taxi.state, nv.us.
In London black cabs to pick received permission from city authorities and a formal waiting outside bars, restaurants, theaters in the night &#39;minicab&#39; would better avoid Allan Crawford said the Scotland Yard spokesman.
According to the London Police Service Statistics For 2006, 10 women have got a minicab in London were sexually assaulted.
These &#39;minicab&#39; is not a reservation can be only one passenger, and burning people in the street is illegal and distinctly.
The police commander of Alain Shimono warned that criminals often steal happening GPS, laptop, iPod, car stereo, etc. unlocked the door in Montreal.
Shimono emphasized that a vehicle in Montreal, saying crime is often taking place after tourists park your car inside the car as well as to all things in the trunk chaenggyeoya.
Local police began to deploy these two brochures containing instructions on the use of foreign restaurants and car windows often.
In Quebec it must pay a fine of $ 30 if you just gadaga be caught without locking the door behind parked cars.
Among the US Apple&#39;s new iPhone on the 11th started selling in Asia, in Japan, hundreds of people a few days spent in the street By the 30 seconds count down indicating the start iPhone sales showed an enthusiastic reaction.
Wireless 3G Apple iPhone to be released from Softbank Corporation Tokyo Head Office with a digital clock hanging on the entrance to the building began to sell at the same time in 22 countries around the world have already been sold in some countries, including the United States last year.
In Asia and Oceania was launched the iPhone in Australia, New Zealand, Hong Kong, the other in Japan.
By Nakamura Taichi filmmaker living in Tokyo, Japan, 28 days after the first one seems to smile to buy the iPhone, said the phone to his girlfriend.
He has been the iPod Touch and &quot;too happy&quot;, but insisted ugly greed for the iPhone.
To purchase the iPhone people gathered in front of SOFTBANK Tokyo headquarters has nearly 1,000 people 11.
Softbank itneunjineun and keep the iPhone as far as the head office in Tokyo were not disclosed.
Softbank president Masayoshi Son is toward the crowd at the countdown ceremony, &quot;the phone has now transformed into a machine that can freely access the Internet,&quot; and emphasized that &quot;Today is a historic day that this is a reality.&quot;
Jeff Bloom Letter of International Football Association (FIFA) President want the player for Cristiano Ronaldo who plays for Manchester United Man U always said to leave the position that should be transferred to Real Madrid.
Label Letter chairman told reporters on the 10th (local time) questions from reporters asking about the future of this year, 23-year-old Ronaldo in an interview with British Sky Sports.
Ronaldo also agreed to an interview in block letter President.
Ronaldo is currently the state of the club and conflict bitgo transfer to Real Problems. United had declared it would send a starting forward Cristiano Ronaldo to Real team.
He added that &quot;There have 7 days to restore the right ankle surgery seems to take 12 weeks from 10 weeks.&quot;
The heading for Bermuda Hurricane Bertha (Bertha) &#39;was relegated to the 10th Grade 1 (local time).
&quot;The US National Hurricane Center (NHC) is&quot; &quot;Berta approaches the coast and high waves is happening,&quot; he said that &quot;Although still early to predict the power of Bertha.&quot;
Daeseonju Republican, John McCain was the sound bitter about Barack Obama once again contenders to capture the White nodongjacheung.
Obama is not in an open election fundraiser in early California, San Francisco in April, &quot;continued the job is because of the commitment of the election does not properly implement the small town of Pennsylvania residents are filled with hatred cling to guns and religion immigrants and Trade to have an aversion against, &quot;he said.
McCain held a press conference on the 9th of Pennsylvania said &quot;the election campaign will be deployed in a small town in Pennsylvania.&quot; &quot;We will show that the Obama that they are relying on guns and religion because of the economic statement is not true.&quot; he said.
The remarks of Obama has been left behind or not at the time led by two Pennsylvania Democratic primary caused no small controversy.
Hillary Clinton has criticized Obama at the time as &#39;elitist&#39;.
Clinton and Obama this time were in the position of competitors.
Clinton accused Obama called &quot;the arrogant elitist with no feelings.&quot;
Obama announced the need to understand the reality first before making cut himself with people who do not have feelings or elitist.
Obama has countered saying that &quot;A man who really do not have feelings.&quot; &quot;These people are getting very people who fund the election in favor of hard to get the people of Pennsylvania, a small town a fair chance to bankruptcy from a finance official.&quot;
On the other hand, according to the CNN / Opinion Research conducted three days and June 26 to 29 polls McCain ahead Obama obtained the approval rating of 40% to 53% in the white layer less than 13% of college.
McCain argued for the 9th reporters that &quot;we are the voters in the region, they form the heart of the United States will show that we love them.&quot;
Turkish police (CNN) arrested four people in connection with the incident gunmen attacked the US consulate in Istanbul on the 10th said that outside the Turkish Minister of the Interior.
According to the Turkish authorities and the gunmen were aboard the vehicles opened fire towards the police post located at the entrance to the US consulate.
Three gunmen were killed in a shootout Turkish police three people.
Entebbe Cyr Momordica Cymbalaria Turkish Interior Minister said the gunmen were looking for a white vehicle driver aboard.
Momordica Cymbalaria explained that gunmen suspected of supporting the four of them detained by the police.
Momordica Cymbalaria insisted again did the exact identity of the fourth suspect, all three of them gunmen killed in firefight said process turned out to be Turks are not checked.
In this regard the State Department spokesman Sean McCormack announced that this terror is occurring in 25m away from the US Consulate immigration.
McCormack&#39;s &quot;Turkish police standing guard in front of the best&quot; and &quot;They show great courage respond to enemy attacks,&quot; he said.
McCormack added that &quot;the United States will continue to confront with the threat of terrorism as it did in the past.&quot;
Christoph away deuma Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of the French energy company Total (Total) it is not to invest in Iran at this time related, and now natural gas development in Iran said it was too dangerous.
Daily Financial Times (FT) in the UK is quoted deuma away, &quot;Iran is investing hagieneun political burden too large&quot; and &quot;People can do whatever the total for the money,&quot; he said he thought it would.
Total, along with state-owned oil company Petronas of Malaysia, Iran was being promoted liquefied natural gas project in southern Chiapas gas.
Iran has test-fired a medium-range missiles in order to prove that 9 (Reuters) - can stand up to the US or Israeli attack.
The away deuma said that not to plan for complete withdrawal from Iran.
He pointed out that the pressure on energy companies in Europe, the United States government to invest in Iran.
Hollywood actor Ethan Hawke is dolbodeon children moyija Bo has married girlfriend Ryan show Hus 10 (local time) announced the promotion of self-cool Ethan Hawke.
Bucks do a publicist Spring has confirmed the fact that marriage in New York last month show Hus and Ethan Hawke is a pregnancy via email.
Bucks spring did not give any further details or more.
Hawk (37) has already put two children in between and Uma Thurman.
He starred in the movie &quot;Training Day (Training Day), &#39;Dead Poets Society (Dead Poets Society)&#39;, &#39;Great Expectations (Great Expectations)&#39;, &#39;Before Sunset (Before Sunset)&#39; of.
When the Soviet era in Uzbekistan is spreading to fire ammunition that occurred at the military base built up powerful explosions killed at least three people and wounded 21 others said on the 10th (local time) authorities.
Bark heuti Yar Kazaa knob Uzbek government spokesman and the evacuation of residents living in Kazan soldiers said naseotdago the fire.
Independent journalists communicate Ferghana reported to have sustained damage helicopter logistical bases, hospitals, railway stations, say 20 horses such as The explosions and fire.
Space Beck disaster countermeasures unit officials denied such reports.
Space Beck public TV broadcasting and news agencies did not report on accidents even after over after the first fire occurred at 9:00 PM at 20 hours.
Take the small ships 15 Africans who tried to smuggle into the southern coast of Spain, were killed during the voyage and the 10th (local time) hyeotda bright Spanish authorities.
Rescuers helped the 9:00 pm (local time) to discover the ship landed on the coast.
At the time of sub-Saharan African immigrants were 33 people aboard the ship, killing two people women 1.
Illegal immigrants aboard the ship were said nine people including children in a police statement, that all organic threw sumjyeo bodies of 14 people ohdeon aboard a ship at sea.
Among the survivors, as well as men and women were also nine month old baby.
Events related to the illegal African migrants have occurred twice in the last week until after this week.
At the time the Spanish authorities dwaetdago said 14 people were killed and 23 people sank in the ship&#39;s structure Motril coast.
I hope many Africans enter Europe through Spain.
Paco way selbil provincial jurisdiction government spokesman, &quot;In summer, there are frequent voyages (渡 航) the same year the sea is calm,&quot; he said.
Said one of the twins were born in the hospital in a hospital in southern Texas, Corpus Christi hospital administration has killed a plethora of thrombolysis in the heparin said 10 (Reuters) - A child dies lawyers.
Bob Patterson, counsel said that Kay Lin died on the 9th afternoon twin brother Garcia couples.
Counsel haetda say the couple is the case also lost twin sister foundation.
Heparin acts to prevent the blood from clotting as a thrombolytic agent is administered via intravenous injection.
Twin Garcia couples have the disease since the day I was born as a premature infant&#39;s also possible that heparin can not be the direct cause of death on their death.
UK Ministry of Defense to pay 10 (Reuters) - British forces Kane to assault the civilian death incidents related, accepted responsibility and deaths 2.8 million lbs (around 56 million) in damages nominal to the bereaved families and victims 8 people He said.
Lawyer in charge of the case said they would split the British indemnity payments to eight people and the families of deceased victims of abuse Baha Musa.
In a statement, the firm &quot;Defense Ministry has decided to pay an indemnity with the apology for the incident,&quot; he said.
In addition, his body was discovered traces of the beatings suffered over 90 times.
British Canada - jyeotdago will reveal the same person two of the severed foot of a person balgyeo the coast of Columbia said the investigating authorities eight days (local time).
In addition to the autopsy blowing right it found last May 22 said that of women.
However, police are yet to know who did this to, how come is not yet found washed up over the year to shore up here in Vancouver.
British police announced on the 10th (local time) last week arrested two French university students involved with the murder of four people occurred in London.
23-year-old Daniel was arrested cow Annex 10, the same age as the culprit of the Lorraine bit Bono Mo Gabriel Perez murder in south London.
Scotland Yard Scotland Yard said it had charged a nickel Palmer (23 years) for murder and arson charges arrested 35-year-old man and 25-year-old women are estimated to have been involved with the 9th event.
Pakistani Foreign Minister asked that the 10th (local time) to give the United Nations appointed a special commission to December Benazir Bhutto assassination of former Pakistani Prime Minister sageonreul of 2006.
The United Nations is putting in place the mark Shah Mahmoud Qureshi Foreign Minister met with UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon in a statement said that Ban has requested thus a positive answer to this problem.
The United Nations &quot;had understanding for both sides, both the funding issues, committee, general issues, such as survey data available without intervention&quot; in the name of &quot;But that that Ban is need specific discussions between Pakistan and the United Nations Member States before the committee work pointed out, &quot;he said.
Bhutto was killed in a suicide bombing perpetrated during the election campaign, with shootings in southern Pakistan capital Islamabad Rawalpindi on December 27 last year.
The Bhutto is reaching out to go to the sangchae time unprotected vehicles were shot.
In the rest of the Beijing Olympic Games in China it is a little more than one month on charges of conspiracy to wipe out the terrorist attacks today announced five places in the Muslim autonomous region.
State media reported that the arrests of 82 terror suspects over the end piece Chen Wei Zhuang Autonomous Region Xinjiang Wei wooeol competent police offices in the quotation, the last six months.
Human rights watchdog, Human Rights Watch (Human Rights Watch) &#39;to the question on an analysis of media coverage of going &quot;China is highly concerned that there is repression of ethnic minorities who live in the borough with the Olympics,&quot; he said.
Nicolas bay is kwerin &quot;The police are sure that this raid down the offensive targeting the people involved believe that the critical movement in China ruling,&quot; he said.
French President Nicolas Sarkozy has said (CNN) dwaeteuna the Lisbon Treaty referendum in Ireland rejected last month by the European Union (EU) will not make the new Treaty.
Sarkozy six months in charge of the EU presidency tenure tour instead said he plans to visit Ireland two months to discuss how to address them.
He could have forced the EU Lisbon Treaty vote in Ireland, but said they must find the previous July, the solution next year by the European Parliament election campaign begins.
What is this that launched an additional 10 (Reuters) - US missiles in one source it said, citing US intelligence assessment report.
Iranian state media reported that Iran test-fired a missile in the next 10 days, fired a number of missiles.
According to the United States informed the United States has confirmed that Iran has launched nine days, seven stops away from the missile.
However, the missile is expected to launch on the 10th of US intelligence that would be a failed missile launch in 10 days.
Said the United States informed that there was a first evaluation report on the missile test of this is based on radar and satellite data.
He added that Iran is estimated to be 10 days, but is also likely to have test-fired short-range missiles are not reported in the media.
Presidential candidate Senator Barack Obama of the Democrats need to visit Europe for the campaign is not sir.-.
But Obama toured the rumor that might be annoying campaign in Germany and the German government.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel was very skeptical about what the speech Obama visit to Berlin Brandenburg.
Stephen Thomas, his spokesman said Merkel 9 (Reuters) position at a press conference that &quot;it is in the German Historic scenic presidential candidate in the US election campaign grab a very inappropriate.&quot;
Brandenburg is famous for to the last in 1987, former US President Ronald Reagan, Mikhail Gorbachev General Secretary of the Soviet Union at the time that suggested the removal of the Berlin Wall.
Germany international diplomacy Councils cup techo that &quot;Obama should recognize that the Brandenburg Gate is not the appropriate place for the election campaign,&quot; said, &quot;he must choose a less symbolic places such as City Hall was president before Kennedy&#39;s speech,&quot; he said.
The six-party talks, 10 pm (local time), was reopened in nine months in Beijing, China.
The summit is expected to focus on North Korea this discussion as a way to provide a recent nuclear declaration and verification system, which it submitted to China.
Becomes the North made some positive progress in the process of trying to dismantle its nuclear program, the talks were resumed.
North Korea destroyed the cooling tower of the facility was enriched plutonium to manufacture the end of last month, and nuclear weapons.
This is not as good as North Korea destroyed the symbol of its nuclear program with a long history of concealment.
A few weeks ago my mom Jamie Lynn Spears has been recalled his &#39;perfect&#39; birth and said they want hope this Soccer Mom in the southern provinces.
Jamie gave birth to Maddie at a hospital in the last month on the 19th, Mississippi Mac comb.
This photo brother, Jamie Lynn Spears, Britney Spears and his daughter posed with OK!
Magazine paid a lot of money for a picture of Jamie and daughter in a speech first reported the news of her pregnancy.
The photo shoot took place in her home, located in Louisiana State.
The magazine did not mention about the terms of the agreement with him.
OK!
He added, &quot;I have been blessed.&quot;
Jamie said, &quot;It was the greatest moment in his life&quot; for the moment the deuriji know the fiance andeon daughter said it was the first to say, &quot;He was very pleased, that fact made me the most happy person in the world,&quot; he said.
All her family, including Brittany, but they all yeoteot to the hospital for her birth a person is allowed to access the maternity ward was only the father of the child.
&quot;The slope was a lovely day,&quot; said &quot;Given all the family gathered to bless had been a big help,&quot; he said.
Mother, Lynne Spears, Jamie said, &quot;he had said too small to hold the granddaughter in my arms&#39; You&#39;re so beautiful,&quot; he said.
Jamie said daughter resembles a dad.
Alex Rodriguez of the New York Yankees dwaetjiman selected to the All-Star Game this year for the wind to the contract and terminate the contract in October last year saw the damages award $ 200,000.
Rodriguez did not contract with the Texas gotta selected to the American League All-Star team as if he expected the previous year 100,000 US dollars in 2001, obtained the most votes in fan voting should be $ 100,000.
Rodriguez&#39;s agent, Scott Boras, which was destroyed by Dun contract signed with the Yankees in 10 years around 252 million US dollars to win the World Series last year, the Boston Red Sox to reap four straight.
December of that year Rodriguez was to receive 75 million US dollars 200,000,010 years and signed a contract again.
Yankees team does not apply to a contract in 2004 with the Rangers Tech Sar, although Rodriguez was selected to the All-Star selection, or the MVP, Gold Globe, Silver Slugger bonuses.
But rodeuri Death was crippled and major league player salary maximums of $ 27 million in salary this season, even though such a provision.
Players get the most money into the All-Star selection will receive a bonus of 12 $ 15,000 to pitcher Roy Halliday of the Toronto Blue Jays.
A bonus total of 42 players selected for the All-Star Game this year, 63 people will receive 100 million 9200 affects not only last year&#39;s 213 million US dollars to the US dollar.
The Holliday received $ 10 million in salary this year, has said that he does not know that the All-Star selection maven bonus.
Halliday emphasized that &quot;fun is itself dwaetdaneun selected to the All-Star team,&quot; he said, &quot;It is such a part of me and my family enjoyed the excitement.&quot;
Turkey&#39;s presence shootout occurred as related Ambassador Ross Wilson Six people were killed in a US consulate outside is argued Tuesday (June 9), &quot;in this case is an obvious act of terrorism&quot;.
Ambassador Wilson said enhanced security measures for the US facility after gunmen at a press conference in Ankara, Turkey also added a day to the police shooting of a consular post entrance.
Wilson argued &quot;Who and what reason is not known whether taking such action.&quot; &quot;But you can assume that attacks on foreign institutions terrorism&quot;.
He added that &quot;our people would show solidarity on this incident as it did in the past.&quot;
Istanbul market said in a shootout Three officers and three gunmen occurred in front of the US consulate were killed.
The people outside were two police officers injured.
Muay Mer rolled Istanbul governor said that the gunmen brandishing a gun toward the police post in a white car.
NPR affiliated reporter Ivan Watson, who witnessed the attack scene explained that the gunfire continued for 3 to 5 minutes, the police returned fire.
The people stood in front of the consulate was located a little damage in order to obtain a US visa.
US Consulate building is located on a hill and the entrance is about 30m away from here.
Air New Zealand has announced that it will launch a restructuring to reduce the wage freezes, bonus stops, unnecessary force of officers to cope with high oil prices and decreasing passenger.
Pipes, president of the wages of officers, including Air New Zealand, said his future would be frozen for one year.
Other officials are also not short term incentive payments are not income reduction is inevitable.
Of Air New Zealand executives more than $ 250,000 receives high yeonbongja New Zealand amounts to 20 people.
In the United States, cartoon characters throughout the several generations which has been loved in Mexico crossed the border encountered cultural barriers of racism.
Past 60 years, Mexicans were enthusiastic about the adventures of &quot;memin pinggwin (Memin Pinguin) &#39;.
But living in Houston, Texas, USA show Ned Leah Mac kwiti was shocked by the fact that the exaggerated depiction of black skin memin report series to become the president memin (Memin for President) &#39;.
And the Macs Kitty Houston community activists Canal is hoped wish to Wal-Mart to stop the sale of this cartoon.
Canal &quot;These cartoons are not considered at all about race, culture and people of color, especially African-Americans,&quot; said, &quot;is a story samgo bodily features a fun book,&quot; he said.
However, enthusiasm for memin readers grew up in Mexico, argued that to understand is to see the story behind the cartoons critics unfolded cover.
Xavier lost seuneun appeared on Spanish TV broadcaster in the region WRTO Chicago &quot;very fond of this character,&quot; he was talking to &quot;the people accused does not understand him is ridiculous.&quot;
Memin has a beak to beak the poor Cuban-Mexican child eyes, thick lips, protruding ears, etc. He symbolizes the black.
Mischievous, but it has been described as delivering newspapers and wiping his shoes to help her mother, a good kid.
Meanwhile, Wal-Mart spokesman Lorenzo Lopez made the instructions to stop the comics sold in each location.
Lopez&#39;s spokesman &quot;was a complaint of the customers for books related to popular cartoon characters in Mexico,&quot; said, &quot;then looking at the cartoons more and decided to stop selling,&quot; he said.
The old man who 52 New York Times story on the side of a building in New York went up on the 9th morning (local time). Two days recently as a few weeks took place three times.
This was first discovered by a man police during the day at 1 minute 20.
10 2:00 AM DEAR He rose to the 11th floor and walked a banner that says &quot;Plan of bin Laden.&quot;
This banner has Obama bin Laden was a picture that adjusts like a marionette George W. Bush.
New York Times spokeswoman Catherine Marquise, &quot;he is investigating the Inspector go up to the building,&quot; he said.
Police said the man stayed for 2 hours at 11 floors.
In June, two men were going up to the top of the same building, was caught by the police.
6 months after the baby&#39;s mother brandishing the weapon, giving Japan a glass of iced tea to a home invasion robbery was really him I said things that kids Tokyo, local police escaped unharmed 9.
The mother has to give 10,000 yen (about 94,000 won) for strength to escape out was reported to the police.
A British woman who was raped several times to commit a sexual assault is winning the lottery millionaires in prison filed a lawsuit demanding the right to the prize.
The judge ruled to 8 (Reuters) A wife who sexually assaulted a 1989 damage to a child to come Worth hoeo in open court the victim (a pseudonym) to pay damages.
No. 7,000,000 lbs freezing (about 13.9 billion won), then go out out of prison in 2004 under probation dwaeteotda won the old restoration.
He was convicted in 2005 for 16 years on charges of raping his wife A and released from prison, he received the prize.
Wife learned of the lottery hoeo A fact that almost claimed damages lawsuit filed against him at the trial court handed a prescription for a reason gave the plaintiff loses ruling.
But Peter Michelson judge was ordered to pay the recognition, compensation to deny that A did not have the financial capacity to make restitution eoga struck in combat at the time of Mrs A rape trial at the 8th number.
Authorities said he failed a radar can see that When will be restored.
Lillian kasin Irish Aviation Authority (Irish Aviation Authority, IAA) spokesman said the problem has occurred in the control tower radar screen.
Kasin spokesman &quot;spot (光 點) indicating the position of the aircraft can be seen but can not see the label indicating the information,&quot; he said.
Local doctors (CNN) reported that one man was living in California, in an interview with state media people bathyeot the abdomen bull horn Greek men one person suffered serious wounds to the face.
Ignacio yulseu Navarra Hospital medical chief of &quot;The 22-year-old California man of the convoys are becoming increasingly conscious looking for a stable,&quot; he said.
Rate seuneun added, &quot;Greek men hurt a lot of nose.&quot;
Bull running event day only has 20 people were wounded.
MADRID, Spain (CNN) / yisuji (JOINS)
Colombian government said it would ask the United States to formally hand over these recruits 9 (Reuters) - Colombia into the United States in a statement.
Colombian FARC rebel group had arrested 11 people during operations known to have two of them were involved in the kidnapping of Americans.
The United States asked their Indian recruits in violation of federal law reasons.
They were arrested in the course of the Colombian army rescued former Colombian presidential candidate Ingrid betang crew and 11 politicians and three Americans.
But the Group of Eight nations (G8) leaders have vowed to try to 9 (Reuters) - Global warming is resolved at the summit did not set specific objectives.
G8 leaders were required to establish a goal to reduce greenhouse gas emissions in half by 2050 the day before to the day of the declaration.
Leaders in a statement, &quot;the world&#39;s leading advanced economies leaders commonly recognized global warming problem, but efforts daneunde agreed to resolve it was a difference of opinion about the competence and responsibilities around,&quot; he said.
Iraqi authorities have unearthed a 9 (Reuters) - Anbar note that 21 bodies rot in the school sphere. The body was two years ago, dwaeteumyeo murdered after kidnapping in Iraq, al-Qaeda of these families had come to identify the body part.
Iraqi Interior Ministry said the unearthed bodies have been found in the main city center of Ramadi west of Baghdad in Anbar Oh vary.
China&#39;s Xinhua (CNN) reported that the words quoted by the police, the police and the gang was planning a house against Han Chinese crew fought a group of 5 people were killed in a firefight in western China.
Xinhua reported that the raid killed five people in the course of the day the police 15 people were gathered in Xinjiang Wei Autonomous Region wooeol.
Police said the 15 people gathered Wednesday in an interview Sunni Muslim minority living in Xinjiang Wei Autonomous Region was wooeol the Press wigeureujok origin.
Xinhua said the public wanted to haeteotdago three of the gang that stabbed the weapon to the Han Chinese women one person was in May, police in the last Salon accused of inflicting serious injury.
Police spokesman 8, &quot;Be sacrifice for Allah&quot; is one woman and 15 men were when they surrounded an apartment living brandishing a weapon, he said he cried.
Iran is Israel mobilized fighters and dozens of tanks from the eastern Mediterranean, after conducting military exercises were conducted this training in a month.
Senator Hillary Clinton is a defeat in the Democratic presidential nomination Tuesday (June 9), along with Senator Barack Obama attended a Democratic Party fundraiser together for the election campaign.
Clinton appealed to the day, but give you support Obama for his supporters is unknown might seem that they all support Obama.
However, except for some bone marrow Clinton supporters and many provide election funding and support is going to flow into the majority Obama.
Presidential candidates John McCain and George W. Bush of the United States Republican Party has a common point in many areas.
From global warming to the Iraq dispatch issue, McCain was also disagreement with the Republican leaders were sometimes debt is always friction and opinions related to President Bush and the policies that may be developed in the United States over the past decade.
His open challenge to the Republican system has been helpful in highlighting the image of his own called &quot;Readers deals&quot; lawmakers, not only to follow the party comments obliged.
The US presidential election is expected to be the key to the outcome thou have the support of budongpyo voters which candidate is most successful in the draw.
This delayed when viewed McCain would need a lot more attention to their differences with Bush during the remaining period.
The Manchester United forward Cristiano Ronaldo received 7 (Reuters) - right ankle surgery, was unable to play in the Premier League next season early in the game.
Cristiano Ronaldo has admitted to facing a painful three months after the Champions League final with Chelsea last month opened play in the game.
Ronaldo arrived at the Academic Medical Center in Amsterdam, The Netherlands pm Monday.
John Cotton said Ray Academic Medical Center spokesman surgery took place successfully Ronaldo has said that there can be discharged from the hospital on August shipment arriving.
United also announced, &quot;I heard the surgery was successful,&quot; in a statement.
United are yet, &quot;Ronaldo will have a convalescence under the care of physicians,&quot; said &quot;experts said Ronaldo to come back to a healthy state after a month,&quot; he said.
Meanwhile, Ronaldo has put bread 42 goals last season and was crowned the team of Manchester United in the Premier League and Champions League champions.
Ronaldo led Portugal was eliminated from Euro 20,088 steel jaws.
Ronaldo underwent surgery center has continued raising his Real Madrid yijeokseol.
Real Madrid president Ramon Calderon Manchester United can discuss transfer issues getdamyeon sell Ronaldo but it is likely to happen right now, said low.
On the New York Mercantile Exchange (NYMEX) 8 (Reuters) traded West Texas Intermediate (WTI) is trading at 136.04 US dollars, down Beyond the US $ 5.33 fell to their lowest level in two weeks.
Oil prices slumped to 3.92 dollars the previous day.
Ahmadinejad has engaged in psychological warfare against Iran by the US and Israel in the eight Muslim developing countries, which is being held in Malaysia on the 8th summit, but said he does not think that this war will happen in the future.
US dollar also contributed to rising international oil prices.
Al reoron Trading analyst Phil Flynn said the analysis that &quot;investors turned to the oil market from the economic crisis.&quot;
French President Nicolas Sarkozy will attend the opening ceremony of the Beijing Olympic Games next month, said open 9 (Reuters) - Elysee Palace management.
Sarkozy had delivered the same meaning as in a meeting with Chinese President Hu Jintao Wednesday the Japanese G8 (8 countries major) yirwojin separately from the summit.
Sarkozy was in China last March after battling a tough Tibetan unrest betrayed attend Olympics opening possibilities.
Spiritual leader, the Dalai Lama will visit France in August to come.
Sarkozy said that despite opposition from the past, China is willing to meet the Dalai Lama.
Elysee palace did not mention in the statement released on the 9th Dalai Lama, as well as dialogue with the Chinese government and the Tibetan leaders.
Sarkozy reportedly left whether to attend the Olympic opening ceremony in consultation with EU member states leaders.
Depending on the order in France is the current chair of the EU (European Union).
The truck carrying farmers in the southern Bolivian Andes crashed into the valley below 200m to at least 46 people were killed, police announced on the 8th (local time).
Julio sepsel captain and had 60 people aboard the truck at the time of the accident, the point of the accident said that 50km away from the Potosi.
Sepsel is, 11 people were injured in the incident, he said five of the 46 deaths were children.
Police did reveal the specific cause of the accident, witnesses claimed that the bus was speeding just before the accident.
8 days in Berlin, Germany (AP) attended a demonstration by taxi 400 University protested to high oil prices, has caused a crisis that paralyzed the city traffic in Berlin.
Taxi companies have said the fuel cost of holding ohreumyeo gasoline price per 314 US dollars (about 32 million) 393 US dollars (about 40 million) in the cab.
Taxi companies are receiving the management of local government ssikeul base rate currently 15.70 US dollars (about 16,000 won) from 0.79 US dollars (about 800) raised was required to reduce the basic rates over operation by 1.57 US dollars (about 1,600 won) for that He claimed to have given more.
Police staged a march to protest that took part in 380 taxis all day, starting approximately 2 hours, the Berlin City Hall Berlin Olympic Stadium.
Authorities have blocked the main road in protest of taxi companies and citizens to commute suffered inconvenience.
Billionaire oil tycoon T. minute in the United States can avoid Parkinson&#39;s is expanding its influence in the field of renewable energy such as wind power.
The legendary businessman and philanthropist, he said it would support the production of energy using natural resources to 8 (Reuters) reduce US oil dependence, which announced a new energy plan relies more than one third of the amount abroad.
The so-called &quot;blood Parkinson Plan (Pickens Plan) &#39;shall include work to replace the development of renewable energy and investments in transportation fuels such as wind gasoline from natural gas.
P Parkinson&#39;s summary explains about his plans at a press conference and &quot;their plan was such that gained momentum in the US oil import dependence of dangerous levels,&quot; he said.
He pointed out that &quot;most of the oil used in the United States have to rely on imports has deteriorated and the economy,&quot; said, &quot;This is the biggest problem faced by the United States.&quot;
He proposed an investment of private investors in the established wind turbine business.
Pop diva Madonna showcase images of Britney Spears in the World Tour concert, which starts next month.
Liz Rosenberg, Madonna&#39;s in charge of public relations, &quot;We shot the video used in Madonna starts next month &#39;Sticky and Sweet&#39; tour this week with spears&quot; 8 (Reuters) - via e-mail said.
Rosenberg, &quot;but that Spears appeared in a music video is in fact a groundless&quot; and &quot;What else can say confidential,&quot; he said.
Madonna had been a while starring in the music video of the album in 2003, Spears.
The two men also had an intense kiss from God directing agent during the MTV Video Music Awards.
This year 49-year-old Madonna is expected to 23 days in the month, the city of Cardiff, Wales harbor started after London and Paris shows in the United States in October.
Tour November 30 down to stop the march in Mexico City.
When asked about children&#39;s books, adult children would like to answer that the book contained stories that painted a colorful picture or better hair or lessons.
But I will ask questions about children&#39;s books that children love children as &quot;a strange and happy stories around the book&quot; answer.
Children and adults will certainly have different opinions about the best children&#39;s books.
Ask children to read their recommended reading children&#39;s books several times, it may be the most amazing supporter of children&#39;s books.
Such as children playing with toys has had to discard created coloring books and rent books instead of playing with toys, or their disposal as crayons are criticized as inhumane ways for not lifting a book like that.
Recently it introduced a children&#39;s book, children&#39;s favorite pick.
Susan E. Goodman and Eli Wood elections primer Smith &#39;campaign methods (original title:
How They Run) &#39;, biographies of the poet Nikki Giovanni, civic activist Rosa Parks of the&#39; Rosa (original title:
Rosa) Orange Day &#39;, paelkeu sense of offices and Jay Lynch fantasy fairy tale world is changing to orange in&#39; Auto (original title:
Him to stop the European Union (EU) Agriculture Commissioner sent by mail to his milk to a German dairy farmer had earnestly requested.
Michael Mann Marianne Fischer boel EU Agriculture Commissioner spokesman complaining to strengthen the 8 (Reuters) - Milk quota group German farmers Marian Fisher boel EU Agriculture responsible for encouraging the decline of milk prices in the EU to the Commissioner 1 It said it continues to send the ten thousand liters of milk in the mail.
Only spokesman made the most of the milk delivered during the next regularly sent to members boel Fisher said that there was some milk cartons open.
Spokesman &quot;who unfortunately had to throw away the milk,&quot; he said that &quot;although aware of the concerns of the people who sent the milk is the same way it crawled is not the way.&quot;
Fisher boel lawmakers asking to stop sending milk to the dairy farmer via his blog on the 7th and delivered the message hagetdaneun readily respond to dialogue with them.
Senator Fisher boel &quot;If you want to spend your continued milk suggest using milk in the right objectives in the current area where you live,&quot; he said.
The police said dwaetdago Pakistani men living in the United States and charged with the murder of his daughter 25-year-old wanted a divorce after an arranged marriage.
Atlanta 54 years old Chaudhry year living in a suburb of Jonesboro Rashid was on trial for the murder of eight days, his daughter acid Aguadilla kanwal.
Police said the wife of Rashid balhyeotdago that the daughter had no desire for marriage, had no intention to continue the marriage in the police statement.
Rashid&#39;s wife &quot;had many disagreements with the bunyeogan divorce&quot; and &quot;two did not mix anything together two months,&quot; he said.
The Vatican expressed 8 (Reuters) - regret the decision by the Church of England to allow women bishops appointed.
Vatican &quot;was a decision by the Church of England is only the bishops men started walking tradition and a different way of Rome, which Western Wei (敍 位)&quot; in a statement said said that &quot;Another obstacle to the harmonization between the Anglican and Catholic occurred.&quot;
Anglican Congress was despite opposition from conservatives who claim that Jesus hoped pm seven days to be a male only bishops and passed inside to appoint women bishops.
Some conservatives have even if women become bishops threatened to leave the Church of England and converted to Catholicism.
8:00 am work in southern Peru (Reuters) - The earthquake of magnitude 6.2 that caused the US Geological Observatory said (USGS).
The epicenter of the magnitude 6.0 earthquake was 721km south of Lima Branch 241km away from the Chilean border with Bolivia.
The second population of Peru lot outside the southern city of 1 million inhabitants and 56km This was detected by the vibration of the earthquake in Arequipa.
The US Food and Drug FDA ordered a black box to insert a warning about tendinitis and tendon rupture adverse effect on the pharmaceutical companies that produce antibiotics of the quinolone family with 8 (Reuters) flow.
Future warnings will be held in a small black box article you wrote the notes in the manual.
A series of quinolone drugs to flow may include &quot;Cipro (Cipro) &#39;,&#39; Queen lever (Levaquin) &#39;,&#39; Abe Rocks (Avelox),&quot; Shin norok (Noroxin), &#39;new proxy (Floxin)&#39;.
According to the 8 (Reuters) - A poll published in the United States, teenagers and the dating proved that the reference to serious abuse being made in various forms.
Despite their young age, especially profoundly mature sexually and had sex and were unaware of the fact that most parents while dating the risk of abuse.
This proves that the student has received at least one-third of physical abuse.
Approximately 10% of youth ages 14 to answer questions when you had your first sexual experience was that the response is 20% of the sexual experience aged between 15 and 16 years old.
In addition, only 13-year-old and 14-year-olds have replied that there is never reason friends right from their friends the rate of one in five.
Russian Foreign Ministry said that the 8 (Reuters) - The US military plans to respond to the case to proceed as planned to build a strategic missile defense (MD) on the territory of the country near the Russian border that belong to the Soviet sphere.
Earlier in the day, US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice has signed a final agreement on the radar base construction for building the Czech Republic and the MD system.
The United States has yet to try to establish a Patriot missile base in Poland as part of the MD system and is seeking a proposal for it.
But Russia&#39;s missiles were installed here can be a threat to Russia, saying the mainland has been actively opposed to the deployment of US MD system.
Foreign Ministry &quot;There is no doubt that what they are likely to threaten the US strategic weapons are Russian territory and close to the Russian defense system,&quot; a statement said, &quot;in the context of the Russians to feel a threat to security, to respond a situation that must take appropriate action, &quot;he said.
Group of Eight nations (G8) world leaders to attend a summit on enlargement have expressed concern about the 8 (Reuters) - Iran&#39;s nuclear program issue and political instability in Zimbabwe.
Group of Eight summit countries have expressed concern that as a threat to international resolutions and the party nuclear program in violation of international conventions is at reports of agenda discussed at the summit is to prevent nuclear weapons proliferation.
Although Iran has claimed that their nuclear program is being used only for peaceful purposes, some other countries are unable to convince their captain.
Bush UN Security Council member states, including major US Administration and the United Kingdom, France, China, Russia, Germany, had presented the case to suspend its uranium enrichment program in Iran an offer it can provide political and economic incentives to Iran.
Yonhap news agency reported the six-party talks on the 8th quoting chief negotiator of South Korea, the six-party talks will be resumed this week in Beijing, China.
Director Kim Sook peace negotiations, said that &quot;in the six-party talks will discuss important issues for the eventual nuclear disarmament of North Korea, including establishing assessment and verification system for a nuclear declaration North Korea submitted.&quot;
North Korea has submitted to China&#39;s presidency last month&#39;s nuclear declaration.
The presidential candidate John McCain and presidential candidate Senator Barack Obama of the Democratic Party of the United States Republican Party 8 (Reuters) held in Washington, &quot;Latino Civic Alliance (League of United Latin American Citizens) &#39;attended the meeting, Hispanic pyosim catching competed.
There is a major Hispanic and Latino organizations 2.3 belong to the Union from the two previous candidates have said that a campaign of this important organization.
How can a &#39;durian festival category&#39; (pescatarian) to serve the &#39;edamame&#39; (edamame)?
Are &#39;infinity pool&#39; to the winner in a poker game (infinity pool) can provide a &#39;prosecco&#39; (prosecco) and soju (soju)?
Could wing nut in the corner saying something about the &#39;dirty bomb&#39; (dirty bomb) and &quot;novo virus&#39; (Noroviruses)?
The next party go before the American English dictionary publisher Merriam - (vegetarians eat fish) Webster newly recorded a &#39;edamame&#39; college dictionary latest edition of &#39;Fez category Adrien (precocious green beans), including new words, more than 100 there is a need to study.
This dictionary publishers located in the United States, Massachusetts, Springfield is said to add a word used frequently in recent years.
&quot;The special explanation or these words without translation needs are naturally became a word of English,&quot; said &quot;someone this use, yet this idea to explain certain substances Webster&#39;s editor, Peter Sokol low-skiing - every Liam If expressed in the word he pointed out but may put the dictionary. &quot;
When a new word to the English dictionary, it can be seen that the Americans have increased interest in cooking.
In addition, it is also about new technologies or products.
The infinity pool (outdoor pools look as if the water in the pool flows over the edge of the horizon) the representative examples.
This is only a &#39;dirty bombs&#39; (conventional weapons that emit in radioactive material) and &quot;novo virus&#39; (small RNA viruses such as Norwalk virus).
This word was stem from a misinterpretation of one verse of the &#39;I nuphyeot him on the grass&#39; (laid him on the green) Green Lady Monde (Lady Mondegreen) of the Scottish folk song.
Microsoft (MS) has to be replaced if Yahoo&#39;s board said it would resume acquisition talks 7 (Reuters) - Billionaire investor Carl Icahn.
Icahn to Yahoo in a letter to shareholders, said Steve Ballmer, MS nanwotdago top executives and close the dialog hour.
He said the financial burden is too big, he negotiated the acquisition naseoneun when evaluating the business performance of the quote, Yahoo&#39;s board the MS in this letter.
According to Icahn MS are reluctant to acquire the entire company or a part of the search services of Yahoo. Icahn insisted that mothaetdamyeo not revive Yahoo executives last nine months the company to come off strong argument in negotiations.
In this regard, Yahoo announced that it welcomed serve as a mediator if the 7th Carl Icahn acquired negotiation.
Icahn is reflected in the positions that MS is in favor of the resignation of Jerry Yang, Yahoo naegeoleotdeon chief executive officer (CEO) as a precondition for the resumption of discussions argument bar.
The MS has released a new statement after Icahn public correspondence. MS is a current board of seven days, saying Yahoo is hoping to discover said, &quot;If a new director Jean configured to engage in consultations.&quot;
US President George W Bush and German Chancellor Angela Merkel have a summit on the 8th place of mutual interests and agenda of this meeting was to exchange opinions.
The G-8 summit, the Group of Eight countries plan to reduce carbon dioxide, the main culprit of climate change, States failed to narrow the discussion dwaetjiman their differences.
Merkel said that &quot;led to an intense and interesting conversation.&quot;
He said he believes that resuming negotiations on trade liberalization in a few trade representatives around the world to the next G-8 summit as a springboard for weeks.
President Bush held a press conference immediately after the G-8 as a firm expression Summit.
While he did not mention global warming, &quot;We have a broad discussion about the wide opportunities and challenges that have in common.
Also held a free discussion about the capabilities of the G-8.
And with respect to Iran agreed to deal with, &quot;he said.
&quot;There are (Merkel) provides a constructive force for good,&quot; he told the advice of a Merkel demonstrated a steadfast companionship he said.
These leaders had before the summit opened the G-8 summit.
The summit shows the proposal to operate a global food reservoir for the poor countries in need in grain prices soaring it is noted that gwichu.
However, in the G-8 industrialized countries and economies growing China and India, it revealed a difference of opinion in the climate change.
The only Bush, but said he would build a missile defense (MD) system in Eastern Europe, President Dmitry Medvedev Russia went under the brake.
Bush again condemned last month recalled the refusal of opposition candidate chireojin Zimbabwean elections.
Bush is trying to meet with the leaders of the African Union (AU) established the jejaean for Robert Mugabe but has failed to reach an agreement.
Bush, after meeting with the leaders of the African invited to the 7th G-8 summit at a press conference, &quot;The people of Zimbabwe are safety concerns,&quot; he said, &quot;am the result of the election stained with disappointing electoral fraud.&quot;
Scott Hoover bought an instant scratch lottery named &quot;Beginner&#39;s Luck (Beginner&#39;s Luck) &#39;to 5 US dollars (about 5,160 won) in one summer in Virginia in 2006.
He was aware that his vote was unlikely to be understanding why low probability.
Virginia, Washington and Lee University economics professor Hoover&#39;s also surprised by the fact they&#39;ve already jackpot this jackpot pays 70,000 first prize but very surprised that that 5000 US dollars (about 77.45 million won) before he was buying a lottery ticket.
Professor Huber said, &quot;I think this is an instant lottery ticket bought deceived heard.&quot;
He was aware that there was and continues to sell the lottery Virginia State Lottery Association is the best prize already paid.
Several newsletters have a Hoover dwaeteotda winners already announced, including one this instant lottery scams before one month.
He is currently a breach of contract lawsuit against the state of Virginia.
John Fish Week Hoover lawyer said that &quot;it would be a 7 chance of winning 15,000 US dollars is low there is no chance of winning is not a problem at all a problem.&quot;
Fish Wiki attorney law firm with Virginia State Lottery Association is one such instant lottery winnings can not be paid for 85 million US dollars to acquire materials sales value (about 980 million) was accepted as evidence the chapter proceedings in accordance with the law.
Fish Week attorneys argued that the state should pay 85 million US dollars in damages.
Virginia Lottery Director Paula Otto Association &quot;Virginia jeukgwon lottery is fair,&quot; said &quot;first prize winnings are just a few of the sale of gold,&quot; he said.
Director auto &quot;Most of the prizes, ranging from 2 to 4 to return to the winner, etc.,&quot; he said.
Auto directors did not comment on the special lawsuit claiming the innocence of the Virginia Lottery Association and was actively defend their position.
Collapse regular military training hours as part of the government&#39;s energy-saving measures to cope with the surge in oil prices worldwide seconds that the Defense Ministry said seven days.
The Defense Ministry&#39;s Air Force and land in a statement and said that gradually reduce oil consumption this year by 14% reduces the training time key.
The Defense Ministry said the reduced hours of training would be supplemented by computer simulation training.
This group of fuel-saving Measures in force from 8 are part of the measures in the government&#39;s massive energy savings.
Prime Minister Han Seung-soo said that coming from the 15th to target the more than 800 public institutions belonging to senior officials conduct a passenger car six days sipping claim.
Korea&#39;s oil resources are insufficient quantity of oil actually imported from abroad and strengthen the so-called energy diplomacy for stable oil supplies, while soaring oil prices.
Indian town of Lee ignored in the southern state of Tamil Nadu is known for receiving a three and out coming into the city from residents.
Recently presented a unique idea for the residents of hygiene education.
Lee ignored residents only that.Son the six month rupees (about 145 W) qualifies to see feces in a specially designed toilets.
Price is not a great amount of income should pay the additional cost to solve physiological needs.
The program has two objectives that are conducted with the assistance of the Indian government.
Now the first toilet in a public place to prevent the people from being infected by the disease should spring and is intended to enable citizens of the feces as fertilizer to second.
The Mara Tee West Rahman proposed the same idea is &quot;The residents in this project are aware of the value of their feces&quot; and &quot;feces are collected becomes sprayed on rice fields would be a good compost,&quot; he said.
All side effects were cases of cervical cancer vaccines in the world after another sold in the United States and among the authorities launched an investigation in.
US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, said cases of adverse events dwaetdago the 7802 report both a commercially available since 2006, allowing the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the prevention of cervical cancer vaccine Gardasil until April of this year.
Pharmaceutical company said meolkeu live dwaetdago including 16 million in the United States, the distribution of the Gardasil vaccine, 26 million worldwide.
Since June 2006 women across this vaccine in the United States is estimated to reach 800 million.
Pharmaceutical companies showed a cautious and &quot;not clear yet whether the side effects caused by the vaccine itself,&quot; in a statement.
The New York Yankees&#39; Alex Rodriguez wife belong filed for divorce in July (local time) am Miami-Dade County Family Court jurisdiction.
Cynthia has had problems with the documents revealed that the woman&#39;s husband seriously Rodriguez also said the position becomes closer to her husband and Madonna are difficult to maintain the marriage fell into a new religion Kabbalah Madonna believes.
Cynthia said, &quot;Rodriguez me think of a child and do not act forced divorce length,&quot; he said.
The Hezbollah in Lebanon and Israel officially signed with the United Nations in the exchange of prisoners presenting announced on 7 (Reuters) - Israeli prime minister&#39;s office.
However, there remain some challenges to be resolved before the agreement is implemented.
Israel has not yet heard the news from the Hezbollah side of the pilot Ron Arad who fly in October 1986, the fighters shot down in Lebanon.
Israel has said that after hearing the news from his Hezbollah issued a statement to specify a timeline for the release of Lebanese prisoners.
Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice did try to reach an agreement, but the negotiations for the climb before deployment in Poland and missile defense (MD) on the European tour announced by the US State Department (CNN).
He had a Polish Foreign Minister Radoslav Sikorsky talks.
Sean McCormack, the State Department spokesman, &quot;even though Rice is personally involved in the MD building and did not negotiate the yirwojiji smooth&quot; and &quot;finally Minister went on European tour he was unable to get an important clue for the anti-missile base installed negotiations,&quot; he said .
Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice is expected to sign the agreement established in the 8th visit to the Czech radar base.
McCormack said that Rice told reporters at a news briefing that the two-day gathering will increase the European tour schedule to visit Poland to negotiate the US MD installation.
That Iraq was Saddam Hussein&#39;s presidency over the United States to obtain a nuclear ambitions the lower 500 tons of uranium refined to keep having the period of 7 (Reuters) - The US Defense Department said.
Pentagon spokesman Bryan Whiteman said that the US military budget of 70 million US dollars spent (about 71.2 billion won) safely transported the uranium being held in Iraq to Canada.
Whiteman spokesman for the US military to transport troops and uranium shipments labeled as confidential job until recently, military transport aircraft explained dwaetdago mobilized 37 vessels and marine transport one price.
Airlines Air Tran Airways of the United States said it will cut 480 persons to fill the 7 (local time), fuel expenses surged this fall.
Air Tran spokesman said on September 6 180 people in a pilot job cuts, reducing the crew of 300 people.
Air Tran has this sum expected cost savings of 16 million US dollars per year blast furnace (about 165 million).
Air Tran is expected to propose a voluntary leave the company to target the people who worked for at least five years.
Those employees who are at least 6 months to 1 year medical and air travel privileges are provided.
Total staff of the Air Tran currently stands at 8,900 people, including 1,450 pilots name and crew 2,000 people.
Last week, argued that the three people who they are officially a terrorist group of Americans rescued from leftist guerrillas in Colombia, &quot;Colombian Revolutionary Armed Forces (FARC) &#39;.
US warships manufacturing company, Northrop Grumman Corp. contractors, employees of Thomas&#39;s Hao, kissing stent cell, Marc Gonçalves has crashed hijacked planes dwaeteotda, FARC in 2003 while trying to take a plane crossing the Colombian jungle.
Gonçalves family line immediately after the podium presentation a brief statement claimed that &quot;FARC, but insists the advancement and equality of Colombia This is just a lie to justify their actions.&quot;
However, the US National Hurricane Center (NHC) is caused by Hurricane Bertha second in the Atlantic this year, it said jyeotdago found to slow the pace.
&quot;Bertha&quot; has been moved to was situated 1247km away from the east of the northern Leeward Islands 5:00 pm Wednesday while the speed of 24km / h in the morning reduced to 19km / h WNW.
Bertha extend the powers was to develop a grade 3 hurricane by winds of 209km / h from the 178km / h.
Currently Bertha is likely to hit the US mainland is predicted to be very low.
Since resuming US beef imports until the debate on the policy of going to press it reported increased immunogenicity of the National President Lee had a slight reshuffle carried out, such as to replace three ministers seven days.
Yonhap said dwaetdago replaced quoted presidential office spokesman, Wednesday Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries, Ministry of Education, Science and Technology, Ministry of Health, Welfare and Family Affairs Minister.
The President is replaced by a bar last month, President and Chief Secretary to the mounting power in a similar context.
While the government has not established a definitive decision to quarantine system candlelight vigil to protest US beef imports has continued to yiettara took place last weekend, this time reshuffle.
US President George W. Bush gave a positive assessment of Russian President Dmitry Medvedev.
The two leaders ahead of the Group of Eight nations (G8) summit in Japan had expanded for the first individual summits.
President Bush is asking questions from reporters about President Medvedev &quot;to see the idea of talks with Medvedev was not with him,&quot; he &quot;had had ample character and confidence was very wise,&quot; he said.
He is in a joint press conference with Putin, he said, &quot;I could feel the eyes of Putin and his soul&quot; Bar with Slovenia at the time.
The presidential candidate Sen. Barack Obama, chartered by the board of the Democratic crash-landed in the St. Louis airport (CNN) Slide failure in the engine exhaust system during flight.
Airline provides charter flight landed safely, but said that the gas defects.
At the time Obama was among the charter aboard a Chicago airport takeoff, en route to Charlotte, North Carolina.
Obama finally did go to Charlotte proceeded to canvass over the phone.
Afghanistan&#39;s also a car bombing near the Indian Embassy in Kabul, at least 28 people were killed and said that the more than 100 people injured 7 (Reuters) - Afghan administration.
A resident living in the area is &quot;exploding sound is heard after the dust and glass fragments have been blown into our faces,&quot; and &quot;Here and there were scattered around the body,&quot; he said.
In this regard the Afghan Ministry of Health Dr. Abdullah pahim Department argued that 141 people were injured in a bomb attack Te.
Dwaeteumyeo injured 90 people taken to hospital, some of which turned out to be a child.
That the two of them embassy guards killed in bomb attacks deureonatdago Muhammad Zahir Oh, Jimmy announced that the Afghan Defense Ministry spokesman.
The Indian embassy is located in the center of Kabul and is holding a major government offices nearby, including the Afghan Ministry of Interior seat.
Every morning waits outside the Indian Embassy for dozens obtain Indian visas.
An official of the Indian embassy, &quot;the embassy network has been disrupted,&quot; said &quot;the situation is not good,&quot; he said.
&#39;Left-handed genius Rafael Nadal (Spain, 22) 6 (local time) at the 2008 Wimbledon men&#39;s singles final in Wimbledon, United Kingdom All England Club&#39; Emperor &#39;Roger Federer (27, Switzerland) 3-2 (6-46 beating a -46-76-79-7) succeeded in conquering the first Wimbledon.
Nadal became the third player in history to have won the French Open in Jean &#39;Long Tauranga Ross and Wimbledon with Rod Laver, Bjorn barley with it at the same time.
Nadal became the first Spaniard again after Manolo Santana in 1966 won the title of Wimbledon. He yeonpa after another to Federer in the last two major finals and took a period of 65 consecutive grass court record of Federer.
He said, &quot;I&#39;m glad to have won the title,&quot; said &quot;(Wimbledon) because we did not think it would take to win seems to be a dream,&quot; he said.
Meanwhile, Federer admitted that lost to good players than yourself today.
Federer has emphasized that &quot;unfortunately can not think winning again challenge the next year.&quot;
There is a tropical storm forces &#39;Versailles&#39; is becoming increasingly strong concern of the US southern region damages.
&quot;Versailles&quot; is located in a distance of 1907km east of the Caribbean Leeward Islands at 11 am Tuesday.
Meteorological experts said of the &#39;Versailles&#39; power within a few days more stronger more likely to become the first hurricane of this year occurred in the Atlantic Ocean.
&quot;Bertha&quot; is currently moving to the west at a speed per hour 33km.
Whether the &#39;Versailles&#39; landed on the US mainland is too early to judge yet.
The first tropical storm of this year recorded in &#39;Arthur&#39; is to occur on June 1, was destroyed in the Yucatan Peninsula in southeastern Mexico.
I do not hold after the mine collapse accident occurred just a week in northeast China collapsed coal mine in Shanxi Province once again that at least 21 miners died in China, state media reported.
China News reported dwaetdago 4, only the structure of the dwaeteumyeo collapsed mine in Shanxi sex party seven miners came out of the investment.
The media said it continues to investigate the coal mine accidents occurred one after another the authorities.
In the last two days, and the collapse of the mine in Shanxi province had killed 18 people castle.
At the time of the accident was 10 people all structures took place 600km away from Rui Liang Shu Sen easing owned coal mine in north Shaanxi Xi&#39;an City.
The man was caught impersonating a priest Tried to hear the confession of St. Peter&#39;s Basilica in Vatican City received a trial court has told the media on the 5th (local time).
Vatican City Chamber of Gianluigi Maronite judge said that he had forged documents to prove that the man himself is a priest while the clergy attire.
Maronite judge from Sergio Romano Toledo Bar in the newsletter of the Vatican City &quot;should have done this a rare case that sometimes impersonating a priest,&quot; he said.
Judge, &quot;Basilica was made to arrest him on high,&quot; said, &quot;but at the time he was awarded points and the clergy attire,&quot; he said.
Then criminals have also passes the Vatican but the police had not solving the doubts about him.
The judge had authority to investigate the documents he had revealed his identity he said They placed a bride posing in Italy.
But it did not comment on the incident or time trial results.
Interfax news agency was killed and two people bulyeo the Georgian army in South Ossetia Shootout horse spokesman quoted in the capital city of Bali jjeuhin three nights South Ossetia reported injured 11 people.
The Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE) has expressed serious concerns.
US Independence Day four (Reuters) - Joey Chestnut in a hotdog fast eating contest held in Coney Island with the last winner of the &quot;jaws (Jaws) &#39;is the nickname won the championship after the last record, such as a world record.
San Jose, California-born chestnut rose in the second battle of hot dog eating champion as soon as five nureumyeo competitors dakeru Kobayashi of Japan.
A man in Berlin, Germany 5 (Reuters) - Madame Tasso said the police had tried to intrude in the wax museum undermine the head of Adolf Hitler wax figure.
Police 10:00 41-year-old man during the opening time, but trying to come to the exhibition with Hitler wax figure exhibited a tear of a life-size doll head it said danghaetdago blocked by the guards.
Ube kojel Dubrovnik Berlin police spokesman said the police arrest to arrest him.
He argued that this same behavior in the police in protest of being a Hitler doll on display in the museum.
Madame teoso wax museum in Berlin was opened Wednesday.
The media had reported before, the wax exhibits a reenactment of the dictators Hitler&#39;s appearance in Germany in a bunker sitting on the desk no controversy to end up before the museum opened.
Iranian government spokesman 5th (local time) the right to develop nuclear energy in peaceful purposes will not give up the Iranian state media has reported that repeated the claim.
Iranian state-run Islamic Republic is reported that Justice Minister Gholam Hussein elham answers thus to the proposal of the Western countries, such as Iran suspended uranium enrichment as a condition proposed economic cooperation and civilian nuclear technology cooperation.
West and the UN Security Council, Israel et al. Argue that Iran is trying to develop nuclear weapons through its nuclear program.
But Iran has countered that utilize its nuclear program only for the development of nuclear energy.
American Northwest Airlines aircraft belonging to the trouble of 6 (Reuters) - Operation passengers were exposed to the risk of accidents.
Kristin Bauer, spokesman for Northwest Airlines and 2:00 pm 30 minutes, 478 pieces of aircraft connecting Detroit and Tampa, Florida showed a problem with the nose of the station announced that safely landed in Tampa.
He added that &quot;currently investigating the cause of the problem.&quot;
That it can not be made completely of US beef quarantine reason, a large-scale demonstrations to protest the government&#39;s decision to resume US beef imports took place on the 5th (local time).
Police estimated the personnel attending day rally of about 50,000 people.
Wateuna recent show aspects protests gwagyeokhwa fortunately did not cause conflict between protesters and riot police in a rally Wednesday.
South Korea in April, after the said entry hagetdaneun resume the reasons of the past five years, imports of US beef imports, which has been banned BSE was continued protests for them.
Let&#39;s last mad cow disease in the United States occurred in 2003 South Korea had banned imports of US beef.
Food and Drug Administration (FDA) to 7 (Reuters) - Start to get a sample of cilantro, halrapinyo, GMS, Mexican food onions, tomatoes, etc. used in the future Mexican food, left indent in the cellar salmonella infections plans to investigate whether.
David Acheson Dr FDA under the Food Protection Director, said, &quot;If you come Salmonella infection negative reaction from Samples will be available on the market,&quot; said: &quot;This large-scale tests will not cause significant damage to distribution imported products.&quot;
Amid the evolving work of fires that are spreading in California it is still the homeowner was arrested by the competent 48-year-old put a backfire without permission from the fire department.
Cliff Williams of the California wildfires jurisdiction of the National Emergency Management Agency said it has arrested an arsonist to put backfire near his home in the Big Sur area nearby.
Backfire is a way to prevent fire is to get rid of the bungee ride across to the fire in the fire in the opposite direction.
He also is a problem with the fire suppression caused by a backfire and said that could threaten other people.
Williams said dwaetdago constrained because the arsonists no firefighting experience did not leave a backfire without the permission of the authorities to follow the instructions of firefighters.
United Arab Emirates (UAE) have announced that it would write off debts worth 70 billion (approximately 7 billion) had been in Iraq and the normalization of diplomatic relations.
Nuri Sheikh Khalifa al-Maliki Iraqi Prime Minister in a statement blank Zayed Al or heuyan UAE President forgiven the debt of Iraq and the restoration of diplomatic relations appoint an Iraqi resident UAE Ambassador and to helping the reconstruction of the employees victims of terrorism reported that the appointment.
Maliki announced thus the first day of a two-day visit to the UAE constant 6 (Reuters) Sheikh Khalifa bin Zayed Al After talks with the UAE President and heuyan.
Prime Minister visited the UAE with the Minister of the Interior, industry trade ministers.
In the capital, Islamabad, Pakistan 6 (Reuters) - it is a terrorist aiming the police was ready to quell the rally which was expected to occur, killing 16 people.
The attacks killed 412 civilians, police officers names and had 53 people with injuries.
Tiberias Har his teaching Desiree Islamabad competent police investigators said that terrorism is the 6th generation to target the police was preparing a defense to quell a rally held at the police station nearby.
This rally is that they were killed in fighting hardline Pakistani commandos at the time of the event as planned memorial to the 100 people who died in the Red Mosque last July.
The US President George W. Bush to boycott the opening ceremony of the Beijing Olympics, said the position of one who insulted the Chinese people.
Japanese Prime Minister Yasuo Fukuda 6 (Reuters) - President Bush has a joint press conference, he said the Beijing Olympic Games opening ceremony participating physicians. Former world leaders had discussed a boycott of the Olympic Games opening ceremony of the human rights situation in China, reasons.
The two leaders are scheduled to be held this week at the Group of Eight countries, Tokyo, Japan (G8) held a press conference prior to the summit co.
Bush said that another North Korean abduction issue go unanswered, but the United States is not in day conference.
Bush &quot;is fully aware that this issue is the most sensitive issue for Japan,&quot; Fukuda said, according to that &quot;problem solving will entrust only to Japan.&quot;
For the North Korean nuclear issue, &quot;North Korea has recently been conducted in a positive, such as blow up the cooling tower and submitted its nuclear declaration,&quot; said &quot;the future will be more confident that the progress achieved,&quot; he said.
&quot;The thing that you want to pass on to them the responsibility for the problem, but still seureowotda very embarrassing,&quot; he said.
Todi Dixon is starting to pay attention to the body, and sometimes goes back to watching the sneak look who his uncle was a child, funeral director preparing for the funeral.
Following added: &quot;The desire to know more than the fear had heard.&quot;
A few years later, Dixon observed the dissection of the body and live a well-preserved find the exhibition conducted under the theme of &quot;Body World (Body Worlds) &#39;with a twin brother, Alvarez Based on the curiosity of the time human specimens.
Alvarez said, &quot;it seemed as if looking in a mirror shine my body.&quot;
They received a big impression at the show was signed would donate their organs in the pavilion.
Girls are also dissecting, preserving, exhibiting corpses after the signature was used to sign up for one organization believes that many larger purpose outside the funeral.
There is a body donation program in the world goes about 800 members joined only in North America, and has 8600 members worldwide.
Alvarez said, &quot;and others think it was a good way to preserve the body than ordinary funeral to me had other ideas this,&quot; he said.
He following added, &quot;The fact that my death may be a great contribution to mankind is a good one.&quot;
The United States since 1965, has established &quot;uniform Ana T. Carl Gift Act (Uniform Anatomical Gift Act, UAGF) &#39;, he gave a personal right to be free to donate their organs for scientific development.
According to this law will the donor has a priority of all the relatives of the testator.
However, the American Association of Medical kolriji (Association of American Medical Colleges) &#39;through the articles in increasing organ donation recently argued that an open social customs and morals come from.
The present before the last of the Hagen, Germany anatomists two alternatives in 1993 donated organs in the United States, most were sent to the Medical School.
The Hagen began to dissect the human body since the 1970s have been dubbed invention, Frankenstein Europe, a technique called &quot;plastisol Nation.
The Hagen eventually began to perform in 1993 in Heidelberg, Germany established the Institute PO plastisol Nation (Institute for Plastination) &#39;, the world body.
Here it is Body World exhibition and plastisol Nations organs up to another laboratory 60,000 US dollars (about 60 million won) at 200 dollars (about 20 million) are to be displayed in manufacturing.
He donors are also supplied to the main material of the study, but also boyigido prove the philosophy of the world body.
The Hagen said in a telephone interview that &quot;whether or bury the body in the land of the issues that you should choose might seem donated to the pavilion for posterity.&quot;
He has promised to those who donated and regular meetings.
Recently Dixon sisters with a mother, Henry signed a mile in 1997 to attend a donors meeting held in Los Angeles, California.
Another donor, Mark Do you donated his leg cut by feelings that you do not wish others to do the same with his own body to see the world.
&quot;People are looking at the human body, pictures or TV has a limit,&quot; he said.
As was the last to be cut in 2006, the bridge to malignant tumor cells you added, &quot;you will be able to see if you actually put in front of you, lungs, legs and black detail.&quot;
You are currently working as a pathologist&#39;s assistant in Columbus, Ohio. It is a living person who donated part of his body he is first.
The words of the church organizations in Europe, the skeptics are saying and insulting accusations against the World Trade are engaged in a constant debate the origin of the exhibition Body World exhibition on the subject.
But Tony Alvarez promised a donation, &quot;even if the mother and sister are long-term exhibition will go to see them,&quot; he said.
He added that &quot;the body will be just a shell, just all the memories and the memories will remain in my heart.&quot;
US government scientists have embarked on cocoa genome project is carried out over a period of 5 years to a little more secure supply of chocolate.
USDA is located in Miami, United States is planning to analysis and study of the cocoa genome, which is approximately 400 million, using more than 10 million US dollars of funds received from the Mars Candy Company (Mars Inc.).
Every year farmers due to fungi at a loss of 700 million US dollars.
These estimates are based on a study that there is no feature of the cacao tree to understand all aspects of cocoa and other flavors and that the cause of the infection.
USDA geneticist Ray said that &quot;to know if the overall elements of the genome will be able to observe all of the genes,&quot; said, &quot;Maybe a lot of people will have more interest in the good genes.&quot;
Officials said that this project give a lot of benefits to African farmers to produce more than 70% of cocoa consumed in the world.
What cacao paper best suited for any particular region by determining whether farming Min-resistant disease and drought are to be able to increase shipments.
By AJ of IBM Research in this study together in New York Yorktown Heights, Euro said that progress on technology to study the cocoa genome project, it is much more complex human beings.
&quot;The genome revolution is underway,&quot; he &quot;will have a significant impact on the economy,&quot; he said.
Although the project is in progress in the capital of Mars, results will be released to include the general public competitors.
Mars officials said its ability to do this only refers beogeopda and the motivation that it would continue to repel pests and diseases.
Eben Linden Village, dozens of residents in eastern Germany think the environment is built into the building of straw and clay.
On the other hand, located on the other side of the world, China is trying to grow a city with 100,000 inhabitants live in a city of 40 million people live.
Strategies to reduce oil use are becoming diversified number of people in the world.
Cities are receiving international attention is Freiburg in southern Germany.
Residents here can not be cut off the feet of tourists to the introduction of sustainable energy in their village and use it for other renewable energy and solar energy.
In addition, manufacturers of solar panels fabric has been operating the plant using solar heat from here.
The most important industries in the United States, New Orleans is the cocktail industry.
There is a scenic place to place to evaluate American taste of alcohol.
The museum will exhibit a number of materials with an emphasis on the history of the presidency sell cocktails from the days of former US President Thomas Jefferson.
A cocktail made by mixing sugar such bitter beers, spirits introduced in the first French port city.
Following two sensibilities of Europeans drink beverage cocktail drink well and spread far southern United States were to match the era of diversification.
Cocktail museum are various collections are on display was built in the French French quota away from a rare wine, books, and Prohibition era literature.
It also produces and distributes gift associated with a cocktail shaker, glassware, and the mechanism for the device, such as a cocktail.
Ted is a high-bakmulgwanjang cocktails &quot;cocktails are whimsical combination,&quot; said said, &quot;it boasts the best of New Orleans and love the chemistry and history festival&quot;.
According to research why Americans are less high-speed Internet access are found to be due to a perception rather than a commercial road.
Currently, the Pew Internet and American Life Project (Pew Internet and American Life Project) &#39;are opposed to the opinion that the focus should be dedicated to suppliers to meet customers&#39; needs.
E. that about 35% of the respondents expensive leased line prices are still using a modem, another 19% said mothandago not see the value in upgrading the Internet in which they are used.
However, research institutes, said the difficult remote areas of the country are in fact dedicated installations that require high-speed Internet access for telecommuting and Internet classes.
Approximately 24% of the users who wish to install a dedicated survey of people who use the Internet through a modem revealed that the rural residents.
Approximately 11% of suburban residents, about 3% of urban residents wanted to install a dedicated line.
Windhoek cuff claiming that the government tell the people the effectiveness of high-speed Internet, said that &quot;people now know more about the benefits and does not enjoy the benefits that will be a dedicated line.&quot;
The current high price of leased lines why slow is because the local supply is limited.
He said, &quot;Some people do not know the existence or use of leased lines may not feel the need for high-speed Internet&quot; and &quot;if I then learned our family all use MacBook Prosper (Mac book Pros) &#39;lost out in a videoconference that is similar, &quot;he said.
The person using the modem using the Internet was only 10% of the total.
However, many low-income families and Blacks are not yet enjoy the benefits of a dedicated line.
This was the answer of approximately one-third of all of the survey do not use the Internet not interested in them, 20% said the experience in the past with the Internet, but do not use anymore.
Agency last four surveys were conducted by telephone from May 8 to May 11 included a 1153 internet users, both adults have responded to the 2251 survey.
Filmmakers are delighted to filmmaking going to drive the audience into the creative demons, ghosts, including a bucket filled with blood with terror.
The spine will introduce the 10 good horror film that best scenes might be creepy.
The best horror movies will tremble in fear of you will be installing a hot summer&#39;s night sleep.
1. &#39;ring&#39; (director Hideo Nakata, 1998 nyeonjak)
Nakata director has created a unique character of its own called chireong chireong clothes, which Sadako has black nails, scary eyes, hair like a curtain pendent features.
You saw this film will not ever see the TV.
2. &quot;The Host&quot; (original title, &quot;The Thing&quot;, director John Carpenter, 1982 nyeonjak)
The price of a horror film director John Carpenter drew a paranoia that occurred in the Antarctic research base in the horror movies.
Norway tamsatim who explored the Antarctic meets cute stray dogs.
3.
As Simon bar Jonah, the director has gone to bring the anxiety Simon&#39;s mother, Laura feels the audience.
4. &#39;Misery&#39; (director Rob Reiner, 1990 nyeonjak)
5. Alien (Ridley Scott, 1979 nyeonjak)
Ohreumyeo and his chest puffed out the aliens who came out of his body and parasites out of your body ... ...
6. &#39;New&#39; (director Alfred Hitchcock, 1963 nyeonjak)
One day, Mitch&#39;s mom is visiting her boyfriend home and saw that her boyfriend killed in the attack of birds there.
7. &#39;Fly&#39; (director David Cronenberg, 1986 nyeonjak)
Said Paris 1 gene are mixed together into a system of beulreon experiment was a favorite transport.
Blunt Goes change the appearance of insects gradually rather than people.
8. &quot;Texas Chainsaw murder&quot; (original title:
The film is known for its low budget.
Sally, the disabled brother to suffer the death of three friends Franklin deuleoseoge there is the path of destruction can not be avoided since ... ...
9. &quot;Now look no &#39;(original title:
Young John (Donald Sutherland minutes) and Laura (Julie Christie minutes) couple is moving to Venice and then drowned the little girl.
Here they experience the supernatural things that meet the blind psychic sisters.
John begins to experience the illusion that you see someone in the blurred figure dressed in a red raincoat she wore when her daughter died in Venice Street.
Movies have been a poetic scenes and scary scenes (詩 的) are mixed and there is a reversal did not think the last await you.
10. &#39;Event Horizon&#39; (director Paul WS Anderson, 1997 nyeonjak)
Horizons spacecraft has traveled the call back to the other dimension is a phantom.
Federal Court judge three days (local time), was ordered to provide the user information to one billion US dollars for damages related to the lawsuit, YouTube, Viacom side of the video-sharing site YouTube in Viacom.
Louis L. Stanton in New York federal district court judge made a decision about having a video copyright owners and Viacom&#39;s copyrighted claimed the footage to prove that the viewer much more than an amateur video.
This data will be exposed not only to publicly announce the originals. Real name of the user of the data that is passed to Viacom and e-mail address is excluded for privacy reasons.
In this regard the Google owned YouTube lawyers have complained saying is likely to infringe the privacy carrying a lot of time and money is to submit the information of 12 terabytes (TB) for the 12 million books.
YouTube has been a vast amount of materials to be provided include information to reach conclusions about how often this movie screenings.
$ 10 bodeon shoppers around the flea market, held in New York to give (about 10,500 won) mountain flower picture frame found behind the old US national source said dwaetdago 3 (Reuters) - collectors of keya Morgan.
Keya Morgan said it would amount to tens of millions of dollars score Price of Samuel Francis Smith &#39;My Country&#39; Tis of Thee (US Lord of the country), &quot;written in 1831 in the last autograph.
He said it did not want this man brought to reveal their identity.
Morgan said dwaetdago original title of the song was created to teach students to &quot;America&quot; played the first 4 July 1832 at the First Baptist Church Labs located in Newton, Massachusetts.
Roger Clemens is highly likely a defamatory danghaetdamyeo his former trainer of the New York Yankees pitcher Andy Pettitte filed a suit against Brian McNamee attend as a witness in this trial.
According to Clemens claims that McNamee had lied that the role of the trainer both pitchers taking to Petit in 1999 or 2000, and the clan Siemens in 2003 or 2004 growth hormones and steroids.
McNamee claimed Clemens had said the administration of the drug in a former Senator George Mitchell to investigate drugs Status of Major League Baseball players and the Federal House of Representatives hearing in February.
Clemens also filed a lawsuit against McNamee in January and made a daeripgak.
McNamee&#39;s lawyer, Richard Emery of the &quot;Clemens says McNamee as if unaware of the Petit and talking about yourself,&quot; he said, &quot;time limit for bringing an action before the Act was applicable even before the US Congress begins hearings.&quot;
Regular routes to and from China and Taiwan started direct from a four days official route (local time) showed that the bilateral relations hit a haebinggi.
Xinhua reported that China Southern Airlines passenger plane that day, 6:31 a.m. Guangzhou Baiyun Airport by a 8:00 am flight 10 at the end of the 1124km minutes after takeoff arrived in Taiwan Yuan and other airports.
Until now, aircraft and from the strait was operated only in special days, such as holidays.
Now the aircraft and from the bilateral schedule is being held Friday through Monday.
Chinese authorities have estimated 3,000 Chinese are both more than 760 by the end of this week, until mid-July, would take the plane to visit Taiwan.
Earlier, senior officials of China and Taiwan agreed to open an immigration office in the territory in relative dimensions expand tourism exchange between both sides last month.
Bilateral talks between senior was first started in 1993.
Since the composition as tensions in the Taiwan Strait has been disconnected conversation of the two camps.
Chen Chin Ma Ying-jeou new Chinese Nationalist Pine opposed the independence of Taiwan.
Ma is a further widen the width of the view that, while opposing the independence of Taiwan to improve relations with the continent appointments, to-strait economic exchanges.
Oil prices are coming back to the US dollar bullish 3 (Reuters) - close to 146 US dollars and the euro after breaking the record highs again stopped rising crabs.
8 Wednesday on the New York Mercantile Exchange (NYMEX) for delivery in January Mountains of West Texas light oil (WTI) was trading 80 cents to $ 144.37 ohreumyeo.
WTI is a solemn time change dates up to $ 145.85 cleared the record of the previous day.
International oil prices have renewed a record high 2.60 dollars in two days, and the bar has a record 143.57 dollars.
Oil prices climbed to continue balhimyeonseo no plans to increase production of oil in the short term and the tensions surrounding the Saudi oil minister, US crude stockpiles decreased yiranreul.
However, while the European Central Bank announced that it would not raise interest rates further rise in oil prices has had a look folded.
Parents who would sell 1 euro (about 1,700 won) his son through the eBay auction was a joke told in the prosecution investigation.
Prosecutors said sent him 3 (Reuters) - baby to the parents.
The parents argued it was wrong joke.
The couple had posted the ad text in May &quot;to sell baby cry too loudly,&quot; eBay said on the 24th, &quot;Sagara that the baby carrier or a stroller ride around in about 71cm keys.&quot;
NHC said that Tropical Storm 11:00 am on the 3rd development in southeast Cape Verde islands.
Berta has moved to the west-northwest direction at a speed of 22km per hour.
NHC may foresee Bertha is accompanied by winds of up to 65km per hour to be more powerful within a day or two.
Virgin Media is the UK record company sent 3 (Reuters) - warnings to the user 800 people in connection with illegal download sources and has further strengthened the copyright infringement exercises.
British Music Society (The British Phonographic Industry, BPI) also gave out the exercise of copyright infringement Virgin Media.
BPI is configured over the Virgin Media team and started the &quot;education campaign&quot; to prevent acts of unlawful users to download the source.
Distributing music that constitutes copyright infringement, or get down customers will receive a warning sent to each Internet service provider (Internet Service Provider, ISP) and BPI.
BPI was inserted stating that the recommendations in file transfer over the network, viruses and spyware on how that is not legal to customers in the warning could be infected.
Virgin Media spokesman in a statement, &quot;People want to enjoy the music without infringing the copyright of the musicians and the music make on-line&quot; and &quot;The campaign is an exercise that will help our customers to do so,&quot; he said.
American archaeologists have discovered the first president said that the house site of George Washington in the United States at the end of three years of excavation in four river waterfront to the wrapper, located in northern Virginia.
The George Washington Foundation today announced that it has confirmed two days (local time), Fredericksburg, near the trail of a red brick house in this area ever lived in Washington, President kid who found the ferry farm and worked on excavations.
The Foundation was convinced haewatdago moved to Washington, where in 1973 the family of his release six years.
Washington lived here until 20 years old in 1754 and moved to his farm in Mount beoron.
The New York department store Macy&#39;s 4th (local time) and prepare for the fireworks to celebrate the big anniversary of Independence Day of the United States.
Macy was expected to have 3 million people gathered in this fireworks being held in New York in a statement.
There is the annual fireworks display from 21:25 colorful event titled &quot;American Dance&quot; is ready at the beginning of the 32 th year.
The singer-songwriter Rob Fisher will be responsible and play a musical song and the New York Pops Orchestra arranger of the event.
The Queen of Pop Kylie Minogue (40) receives a medal from the 3 (Reuters) - British Prince Charles became a member of the true nobility.
Minogue wearing a white dress decorated by colorful metal, was given in recognition of the contribution the ball on the music scene, the British Empire Medal Officer (OBE) &#39;.
Not known so much American music yen Minogue is known as a famous superstar.
He recorded a sales volume of 6,000 million eumpan music market in the world for 20 years.
According to his website, he is recorded as a singer the most out songs in American radio over the last 20 years.
He he continued to 2000 dance song &quot;Spinning Around (Spinning Around) &#39;presentation to the United Kingdom, accounted for the year above the popular song first in Australia, 80s, 90s, 2000s hit song became a leading singer with Madonna.
That the terrible events of two French students who lived in an apartment in London is found holding the murder weapon stuck in the burned sumjyeo generation 3 (Reuters) - British police said.
Police asked for the public related to the incident.
The American Air Line 3 (Reuters) - said it will cut 7,000 people in 8% of all employees.
A spokesman for the holding company, AMR&#39;s American Airlines and American Eagle said that the reduction in size is about 6,800 people of 85,000 people total staff.
As reported in the announcement that American Airlines to cut 900 people in 5% of the current crew reportedly 18,000 people are downsizing this post.
AMR will listened to the rising fuel costs about why downsizing reasons.
Indonesian police have arrested 12 people decorating a terrorist armed group members in the places of intrigue announced on the 3rd (local time).
Their terror plot was a coffee shop in Bukittinggi in Sumatra standing by the militant group&#39;s sweeping policeman aims were frustrated.
The authorities again raided an underground warehouse storage of materials, explosives, firearms, etc. required for manufacturing bombs seized them.
Police sources said dwaetdago seized bombs are designed to be very sophisticated.
Last week, a chireojin election fraud protests denouncing the capital of Mongolia, a state of emergency proclaimed stood aside to really take aspect in Ulaanbaatar.
Bat Di leg cheoreon Bata Mongolian Foreign Minister said that the Election Commission will announce the 3rd or 4 am (local time) the final results of the elections.
Mongolian President, let&#39;s generate protests denouncing fraud elections and declared a state of emergency in Ulaanbaatar.
George W. Bush is scheduled to attend the Beijing Olympics opening ceremony of the US President held Dec. 8 3 (Reuters) - The White House said.
However, Donald Tusk, Polish Prime Minister, Vaclav Klaus, the Czech President have some other national leaders, including opposition to human rights abuses in China, and declared he would not attend the opening ceremony.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel also announced a boycott stance, but Frank Walter Stein My German Foreign Minister further said Merkel is not the absence of the political nature of the protest.
Prime Minister Gordon Brown of Britain hosts the next Olympic opening ceremony is scheduled to attend the closing ceremony, the absent one.
Colombian jungle, the former Colombian presidential candidate Ingrid Betancourt was rescued from leftist rebels for the first time in three children and gamgyeokseureon Reunion (Reuters) - Life detained six years.
Entebbe tangku le &quot;did not change much but a lot of kids keotji&quot; daughter Lani Tome and examples at the press conference were with his son, Lorenzo said &quot;both so pretty,&quot; said a comment.
Ephesus was flowing tangku reunion with their children on the plane stairway lift arrived at the Columbia airport.
The three of them shared the joy of embracing until boarded tears.
White House 3 (Reuters) - Republican presidential candidate John of Colombia visited the period of McCain Colombian military Betancourt before including presidential candidates, no prior mention the US Department of State him about the mission to rescue 15 hostages said did not.
McCain, on the 3rd night (local time), was from the Colombian president and the defense minister heard the news of the Colombian military rescued hostages said that this work of his visit and no association.
McCain&#39;s trip to Latin America that were staying in Colombia at the time.
&#39;Emperor of clay Rafael Nadal 2 (Reuters) - Britain Wimbledon All England Club opened in 2008 at Wimbledon men&#39;s singles quarter-finals beating rising stars Andy Murray of Britain 3-0 (6-36-26-4) 4 joined the river.
The No. 12 seed Murray came up Spreading the reverse-polarity in the match against the 30th-finals were held by Richard gasket to defeat Nadal in the Wimbledon semi-finals for the third year in a successful series.
Nadal, however, the German liner syuteul place in the semi-finals and finals tickets for Arnaud Clement of France was spread out confrontation.
He won the French Open four times and Nadal had lost to Roger Federer (Switzerland) in the Wimbledon final last 2 years was decorated with the 4th showdown with Murray (21) victory.
Nadal committed a beomsil only 10 books this game, &quot;I played the best play against a tough player,&quot; he said.
Nadal again &quot;has a very aggressive forehand and backhand stroke play when the power is also strong.&quot; &quot;But did expect that to end the match in three sets in the semi-finals, making good mood,&quot; he said.
Meanwhile, Murray Spreading the reverse-polarity after naejun the first two sets in the Wimbledon quarter-finals of the gasket 16 to finish the game in four hours. Murray to advance to the quarter-finals in Grand Slam This is the first time.
The negotiators of the United States and Poland, despite the opposition of Russia and agreed on a plan to install missile defense bases (MD) Poland 2 (Reuters) - US officials have said.
The officials explained that in order to base a missile defense (MD) secretary instance in Poland the final decision to sign the agreement Polish leaders remain.
The two led the MD base in Poland installed through negotiations a few days. The US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice and Defense Secretary Robert Gates will be an official visit to Poland next week to discuss the issue.
Meanwhile, the Bush administration has argued that require anti-missile system in Poland.
Interceptor missiles already in April, and the link between the role and the radar base in the Czech Republic agreed on the MD deployment.
Radar installation in the Czech Republic that can capture all of the missiles is launched to target the US or Europe.
Time said it would shoot down Russian missiles for the MD base, citing the Russian authorities have placed on the Russian border.
The Czech Republic and Poland has gotta join the North Atlantic central Treaty Organization (NATO) in the US led to the former Soviet satellite countries.
US officials emphasized that the MD base to protect the continent of Europe from missiles launched in the Middle East.
Meanwhile, the Russian government did not announce much a statement about the agreement of Poland and the United States.
US Assistant Secretary of State Dan Fried said that the United States is considered more important for Poland&#39;s security problems than relations with Russia.
If the United States accept Poland to accept the installation, MD bases reportedly promised to help modernize the Polish military.
8 Wednesday on the New York Mercantile Exchange (NYMEX) for delivery in January West Texas Intermediate (WTI) was trading at 143.57 US dollars a barrel, up 2.60 dollars.
As international oil prices through the negatives at this point ahead of the holidays went up close to $ 2 for 30 minutes around the 2nd intraday deadlines.
Analyst Phil Flynn of Allah Cameron Trading &quot;traders are buying ahead of the holiday embarked on massive liquidation&quot; and &quot;the bad news is that job prospects darken out the weak US dollar is written suggests continuing,&quot; he said.
The UN Security Council sanctions led by the United States for 11 people Robert Mugabe and his inner circle became public.
The sanctions are prescribed a travel ban and asset freeze and arms embargo on Mugabe and 11 people entourage.
It is because despite the request of the UN Security Council last week, Mugabe Vega and force a vote a resolution in the United Nations released.
Mugabe has in the last 27 days (local time), the inauguration according to the results of the vote chireojin started a new term of office.
The international community has said that the alliance (MDC) president Morgan pennants Rai Democratic Change may accept the resignation, saying the candidate accepts the election results because of violence, electoral fraud, intimidation of government.
The United Nations said the dwaetdago conducted through a resolution June 27 presidential election did not form a fair and free election atmosphere due to election violence restricted the activities of international election observers.
The British government raises the level of criticism of the Mugabe had a stand in favor of the US-led UN sanctions.
In this regard, John Small Worth UN ambassador British ambassador insisted that Zimbabwe is on a miserable situation.
Small Worth &quot;There are people of Zimbabwe need to verify that you have a free vote in a fair atmosphere,&quot; said &quot;there is a need to respect the election results of 29 March,&quot; he said.
British Prime Minister Gordon Brown has &quot;buried blood on hands&quot; in the election, he said last week stressed that he step down from the presidency.
The pennants Rai had expressed their opposition for being one the 2nd African Union (AU) have appointed South African President Thabo Mbeki as mediator in Zimbabwe crisis.
Pennants Lai emphasized that this day may if Zimbabwe is not specified in a press conference in Harare additional mediator in the eumbe keoe not overtake the negotiations with the Mugabe government
The past five years have paid for my Graduate Management Admission Test Candidates and test results of current graduate students may be invalidated has become gwichu attention.
In charge of the Graduate Management Admission Test questions &#39;Graduate Management Admission Council (Graduate Management Admission Council, GMAC)&#39; has seized the &quot;Top scores com membership information and payment details are stored on the hard drive (Score top.com) through litigation, investigating users.
The site receives fees from VIP customers (about 30,000 won 1,000) January 30 US dollars recently unveiled questions tend to &#39;Graduate Management Admissions Test (Graduate Management Admission Test, GMAT)&#39;.
Leoni Matt Brinkman judge GMAC will pay 2.35 million US dollars (about 24 million) and the cost of a full trial on the filed copyright infringement lawsuits to score during the dot-com-ray operators in GMAC side haramyeo issued a ruling in favor plaintiffs.
GMAC spokeswoman Judy Fair &quot;is investigating about 6,000 suspected cases since 2003 began operating the site has until now.&quot; 2 (local time), he said.
But GMAT is tough to know exactly how many candidates itneunjineun possible to take a year without any restrictions being involved in the incident.
A New Zealand man naenwatda his soul for auction.
Walter Scott in this year&#39;s 24-year-old raised his soul to the &#39;Trade Me (Trade me)&#39; internet auction sites operating in New Zealand.
Soul auction is the 3rd (local time) and finish at 12 pm is 189 US dollars (about 196,000) are the best.
A lawyer associated with this auction, &quot;whom the bid is only able to lay claim to only the soul of Scott,&quot; and &quot;there is no right to control him,&quot; he said.
Scott said, &quot;Iran will provide the certificate to the person who presented the highest price&quot; soul ownership &#39;. &quot;
Recently (26 years) Prince William who served as a lieutenant in the Royal Navy found a small speedboat, carrying one ton of cocaine in the Atlantic last week, helped bust drug traffickers said 2 (Reuters) - British Ministry of Defense.
Defense Minister said he discovered a speedboat from hundreds of miles away in Barbados during a Prince William was on patrol aboard a helicopter taking off from the Iron Duke Iron Duke Ho announced a number.
The Defense Ministry said it suspected them to postpone such a point similar to the speedboat that are commonly used for drug smuggling and common points out that far from the coast speedboats size of about 275 meters.
The authorities said that the track of the location of the ship at the route linking Europe and North Africa.
Iran 2 (Reuters) - Oil prices surged above $ 140 a barrel, said let the position that can increase production of oil to stabilize oil prices.
Spain Gholam Hossein Notre-digit Iranian Oil Minister attended the World Petroleum Conference (World Petroleum Congress) &#39;may be held in Madrid, is has a brief description of Iran&#39;s oil industry oil price per barrel $ 170, it would even go up to 200 dollars line It denied for prediction.
He said, &quot;will increase the market supply&quot; to the question whether Iran can suppress oil prices through any means.
Iran produces 410 barrels of crude oil in barrels per day of production to a country with a lot of oil to two of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries OPEC members first.
Countries that currently produce the most oil has produced 9.1 million barrels a day from Saudi Arabia. Recently, Saudi Arabia has said it would increase daily crude oil production by 9.7 million barrels.
A mining company has found a myriad of gold buried gold mine in British Irish announced on the 2nd (local time).
Richard Conroy, president of the mining industry chain in Dublin mining of gold and diamonds in Ireland said that determine the likelihood would have been more than 28 tons of gold buried here, confirming the results of samples taken from its gold mines.
Conroy is Chairman of the gold price is also buried here will be the best ever recorded was expected that the price of gold will be excavated more than 300 million US dollars (about 310 billion won).
With the support of the US government appeared to be happy with the result, Denmark is the happiest country study the index of each country, political instability is most serious in Zimbabwe unfortunate country.
The United States took the 16th place among the 97 countries surveyed.
The economy in the US National Science Foundation supported the study growth, democracy, equality, the more the country is yirwojin facilitate revealed that the happiness people to feel high.
This was Denmark ranked first according to the same criteria.
Followed by Puerto Rico, Colombia, Iceland, Northern Ireland, Ireland, Switzerland, the Netherlands, Canada, Austria was followed.
Israel&#39;s accident 2 (Reuters) - A terrorist is moldeon bulldozer in Jerusalem to receive the bus 1 with several vehicles occurred, killing three people it said 30 people were wounded.
4-5 minutes with continued terrorist is up to the people next to the police out of the bulldozer was racing lanes were killed while battling the driver with a gun.
Bulldozer driver was sought was found to Palestinians in East Jerusalem from.
Judicial authorities have regulations for this Bulldozer reckless driving accident in west Jerusalem, Jaffa Road is not a simple terrorist incidents.
Authorities are focusing on there was a terrorist could drive a bulldozer, said the motive during the investigation.
When it was the citizens of election fraud denounced protests spread from the capital of Mongolia, Ulaanbaatar, Mongolia nambaryn enkhbayar President declared a state of emergency.
Mongolian national communications Mont saeim 100 people were injured in the protest was reported that 500 people are arrested.
The attitude of the United States who argue that a complete nuclear declaration North Korea in the past needs have changed.
US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice has also said that &quot;I hope North Korea want a complete and correct declaration&quot; on several occasions.
However, there is one week after US officials North Korea submitted its nuclear declaration without using the word more fully.
Sean McCormack, US State Department spokesman did not comment on whether the two days (local time) said are complete, &quot;North Korea&#39;s declaration will be verified only one.&quot;
Colombian group 2 (Reuters) rescue of 15 hostages, including the spread of a tricky operation from the Colombian Revolutionary Armed Forces (FARC) in Colombia former presidential candidate Ingrid Betancourt and three Americans, the Colombian government said.
Detained for six years in the Colombian jungle bay tangku flowing vest, wear a hat for camouflage which was has been a healthy look.
This year 46-year-old bay tangku flowing on the 2nd morning, myself and the other hostages from the rebel members who said they had heard it would move to another place.
But he eventually hostages, including Betancourt was found in Colombia, the group had safely escaped from the FARC rebels.
Entebbe tangku flowing myself and colleagues rebel crew soon get in the helicopter came to take him, they explained you that gave me the rescue saying that the Colombian Army.
He said, &quot;a miracle&quot; for this operation said said, &quot;seureowotda Colombian military pride.&quot;
Visit Colombia and the presidential candidate John McCain&#39;s Republican meeting and 2 (Reuters) afternoon, Colombian President Álvaro Uribe that was consultations about such free trade, fight against drugs, improve diplomatic relations.
In the three days that McCain&#39;s trip to Latin America, President Uribe had a meeting with the visiting day Colombia.
The McCain tour of Latin America is to reveal the differences between the rival Democrat Barack Obama, which is opposed to free trade.
He argued that &quot;free trade is the most important in Colombia as well as in the world economy, the US economy&quot; at a joint press conference with President Uribe.
But Democrats have rejected the agreement that bijunan two euros and Colombian right-wing militias that threaten the activities of workers.
McCain now has the support of the Colombian FTA with the United States.
Meanwhile, Obama claimed that &quot;the Colombian government is in a situation that you suspect that supports the union, the right-wing militias to stop the activities of the labor dispute, the opposition is that the president supported it would be wrong to absolutely,&quot; and revealed the position of the opposition.
1 in the UK Wimbledon All England Club (Reuters) chireojin the 2008 Wimbledon women&#39;s singles quarterfinals at the stop (China 0.24) is beating Nicole Vaidisova (Czech Republic) 2-1 (6-25-76-1) China as a player was the first major tournament to advance to the semifinals.
If a woman athlete appearances at Wimbledon as a wild card in the semi-final climb is the first time a Grand Slam, including other belongs to the second.
Wimbledon has still played the third &quot;did not expect to rise to the semi-finals,&quot; he said. He matbutneunda and Serena Williams (United States) won Wimbledon twice in the semi-finals.
Other central banks around the world have also lowered the interest rates according to the precedent of the joint efforts to be made again, the credit transaction.
But I am chapters deal of Wall Street mess This is because raising sufficient measures to prevent the recession that the investigators questioned the global interest rate cuts.
This week, with the Dow down 875 points in early stock price has plummeted.
Then, Dow has returned to rise again entered a downtrend chapter opens shows the state once again not suntanchi while falling 100 points in just 90 minutes.
However, it appears there is hope for the British that the British government is satisfied with the least lovable to partially nationalize a major bank to instill faith to depositors.
&quot;I&#39;ve got more faith than last week, thanks to the work done in the morning the government.&quot;
what&#39;s in it for ~ ~ Do you have a good day (profit) to
The variable rate volatility, fluctuations in interest rates
It is to follow the others follow suit, follow the precedent
˝ few days at the end of the interregnum, Taliban militants and South Korea government officials agreed to resume the discussion on the fate of the remaining 19 Korean hostages. Hostages are facing a sixth week in a state of detention in Afghanistan, devastated by the war.
The militant group has 23 church volunteers were abducted them during the return to Kabul on July 19 in the heart of the capital of the southern Kandahar Province.
Taliban spokesman Mujahid Mercy Hula is whether Korea Times, the militant group said that to resolve the situation peacefully, ready to begin the discussion of the next steps.
However, he and their needs are intact, Korea government has stated that it will have to prove that it will not adhere to the traditional position that could put pressure on the Afghan government.
Militants are demanding the release of Taliban prisoners in exchange for the release of the hostages unharmed.
However, in Kabul, apparently received by the Bush administration pressure, prisoner exchange with the Taliban is the entrance because bar dotwooeo the courage of the armed groups, that already make more kidnapping incidents in Afghanistan fighting and safety issues.
Mujahid said that although Mrs fact that the intervention of the Saudi government, not rejected any move to a peaceful resolution of the situation.
When asked about an agreement made jyeotdago reported in the local news company, Afghan Islamic Press, he said he did not made any official negotiations with South Korea.
Spokesman, said under the condition that they present solutions in South Korea stalled, the Taliban leadership had ordered a side couriers and South Korea begin new talks.
Said, &quot;If anything, it is in talks to be presented to the Taliban, there is no use,&quot; he said Mujahid mentioned.
Almost two weeks ago, the second face-to-face talks ended without results.
As a result of the first round of talks, the two sides led to the release of two women hostages are known to have worse health.
Some people are saying that Caroline Kennedy has used his political power of the name and the family want to get the Senate seat of Hillary Rodham Clinton.
Diane Kepley As can be seen from the press reports, Caroline Kennedy says he can offer a lot to the state of New York.
&quot;In an interview with the AP, Caroline Kennedy publicly balhimyeonseo a challenge for the Senators, I know that people have expected more because we know who is himself.&quot;
&quot;I have the idea of&quot; should be the 2nd times than others. &quot;
&quot;Kennedy said they also consider the background that Senate seat appointed lawyer and mother of an avid hakguyeol while holders of a child because it is determined only by their own identity.&quot;
&quot;The issue of who would best work for in New York.&quot;
The giant snowman appeared like a riddle in the front yard of Mr. Billy Powers, located in Anchorage eastern region this year.
Last year, Mr. Powers was featured in a city in the demolition orders for Snow Bugzilla.
New Year&#39;s event on Times Square Times Square New Year&#39;s events happening in 2008.12
An elementary school in Long Island that will change the name of the school as a means to celebrate the next president.
&quot;Since Thursday night, reodeulreom School in New York Hempstead Barack Obama became the elementary school.
Joseph La Patria principal has said that the majority of black and Hispanic students request to change the school&#39;s name. &quot;
&quot;African black and Latino children are believed to be made of their dreams now, Barack Obama symbolizes their real role model.&quot;
&quot;People who opposed the new name that no one eopeotdago La Patria principal says.
Hempstead is located approximately 25 miles east of New York City.
The children began to put special attention to the presidential election, according to the last presidential debate progresses from there.
45 years ago today, President John F. Kennedy was assassinated in Dallas.
&quot;We know that it is the Governor and Mrs. Connolly ride with the president and first lady on board a vehicle.
But if we have someone who was shot, but it is not possible to know who is, you can certainly tell it was something seriously wrong. &quot;
Ron Jenkins reporter KBOX broadcast contents that describe the chaos immediately after the shot President Kennedy. I was the lead team falconidae.
shortly after ~ 직후에
Foreign Minister of South Korea and the United States are also reflected out that patience is the end for the denuclearization of North Korea Wednesday, he pressured me to fulfill the promise of a full disclosure of its nuclear program.
Condoleezza Rice, the US Department of State Secretary at a press conference curb Yu Minister of Foreign Affairs, held in Washington, DC, is out &#39;time and patience ends, &quot;said&quot; I hope North Korea not to miss the good timing to submit a report within one early as possible, &quot;he said .
Rice said it was time to be advancing &quot;denuclearization process.
&quot;But I agree that it came so long delay in this matter (as the end of the oil minister).&quot;
North Korea did not keep the deadline of last year South Korea, the US, China, Japan, and 12 in accordance with a nuclear treaty with Russia to report for a complete list of its nuclear programs and activities, including its uranium enrichment program May 31.
South Korea South Korea welcomes UNSC resolutions, the UN Security Council sanctions resolution welcoming 2006.12
Source description &amp; Reading Print Korea Times has reported that displays a means of Welcome As for the North Korean government&#39;s nuclear test on October 9 adopted a sanctions resolution, the Security Council unanimously.
However, the ruling Uri Party was still stressed the importance of inter-Korean economic projects between.
The reaction of these governments are permanent members of the UN Security Council 15 adopted a resolution, but excluding military action decided to take cargo to and from North Korea search measures to prevent the smuggling of weapons of mass destruction (WMD) and suggests Within a few hours.
The UN Security Council has branded North Korea&#39;s nuclear test as &quot;an obvious threat to the peace and security of the international community,&quot; jjikeumyeo adopted a resolution by invoking Chapter 7 of the UN Charter with binding necessarily the UN member states must implement the sanctions.
North Korea North Korea threatening war against US war immortal strengthen North Pressure 2006.12
Sign of the legend Ike Turner, the American Soul Music, who died last month aged 76, was a diary of cocaine abuse, was confirmed by the coroner, California.
&quot;We were that he abused cocaine, it was cause I think was addicted to cocaine,&quot; said the San Diego State Coroner&#39;s office officials.
Turner&#39;s daughter Mia Turner said, were shocked at this news.
Former husband of Tina Turner Ike Turner died at his home near San Diego last December 12th.
The 1960s fame musicians, and the most famous was with Tina Turner and music.
And their problems in a marriage, two days that plagued her during that time, in the pop music made it overshadowed his considerable achievements.
Independent prosecutor&#39;s team raided Samsung&#39;s key offices special inspection team, the president of Samsung Main house and search and seizure 200806.04
Exiled to the Syrian Government and the Palestinian Authority Mahmoud Abbas, held in Syria returned to the top Hamas government failed integration-related talks Marcia leader Khaled al.
But those talks have said a boyeotdago some progress in terms gatgiro agreed to talk again in two weeks.
Abbas and Marcia know about the major issues still did not narrow their differences the recent Gaza it was due to the armed conflict between the two sides on the earth tens of people were killed, as were the comments that you can not afford one.
Abbas had recently declared the conduct of early elections a hiatus of unity government talks reasons.
(Translator Note: Since the ruling Hamas and the intense armed clashes between Fatah of Abbas occur, at least 62 people were killed) after talks over a period of 3 hours Abbas and Marcia know is fruitful through their geogukjeok dialogue efforts to integrate government will bear, it confirmed it has agreed to resume negotiations within two weeks.
Abbas has repeatedly confirmed its position would stop the armed conflict between the two forces by two forces Kane talks, there was a performance &quot;killed more than 30 people between.
According to the Japan Meteorological Agency (JMA) said a small tsunami hit northern Japan.
JMA said came pushed into the harbor Nemuro in Hokkaido after the tsunami 40㎝.
Another tsunamis of 20㎝ to the other were also recorded.
Japan&#39;s Meteorological Agency had expected a tsunami of at least 2m in height after the earthquake of magnitude 8.1 occurred in northern Japan, the Kuril Islands.
However, the tsunami warning for the region and the Russian Pacific coast was canceled later.
Inde shuttle buggy to call this afternoon the International Space Station (ISS) and docking.
Cargo bay of the space shuttle there are other kitchen and bathroom, and materials and equipment for water for the barracks for the space station.
&quot;This will change the mission to the space station, 3 bedrooms 1 bathroom house with old, a house with five bedrooms and two bathrooms to stay six people.&quot;
Barack Obama as the president-elect is preparing to take over the White House sent a letter to the chapter Illinois residents.
Obama wrote letters to convey the loving gratitude to their beloved homeland who, according to his words.
The Democratic leaders have recalled the days when working in the school and community organizations who share Senator horizontal activities in the southern Chicago.
Police said a man injured in a brawl in beolyideon sixth Urban Music Awards (Urban Music Awards).
cargo bay carrying luggage down a place
The United States announced that it has welcomed the news of Hezbollah commander killed were involved in a number of bombings and kidnappings were a number of hostages in Lebanon in the 1980s.
US State Department spokesman, the world would be a better place claims eopeuni example Imad non-cognitive, she called him &quot;a serial murderer and a terrorist.&quot;
However, a spokesman Sean McCormack insisted did not know who was going subjected to the terror of the car last night, his sign was in Damascus.
Hezbollah and Iran condemned the Israeli side, but Israel has denied all the relevant settings.
Syrian government has also condemned the incident as &quot;a coward such acts of terrorism&quot;, he said investigation is underway to find the culprit.
For non-cognitive commander was widely known as the Special Operations Chiefs of Staff or the information &quot;Islamic Resistance&quot;, Hezbollah&#39;s secret military organization in the late 40s.
Correspondents, picked it known that his death will be a great shock to Hezbollah, Hezbollah value when the war with Israel in the Lebanon war in 2006, and received help from Iran and Syria sponsor. numerous so many variously various significant key
LG Telecom is the third largest carrier will add the currency is expected to cut rates, competitive pressures, the rate cut in three directions to KTF for its subscription-way call on November 1, according to SKT.
Chris Brown is not guilty for what had threatened and assaulted Monday his girlfriend and fellow music star Rihanna is.
Rihanna&#39;s lawyer has said that she hopes these plea agreements before yirwoji Chris Brown Download the trial of the case.
19-year-old Brown has been charged with the aggravated assault and criminal intimidation by March Los Angeles County prosecutors.
The news came from a producer who worked with the actress.
Monday her doctors have also said Fawcett is recovering after being treated in Germany and not to be in the &quot;jaws of death.&quot;
She is expected to be discharged after a few days.
Country music star Toby Keith are you angry to Ethan Hawke.
He claims to have stated in their articles about the singer actress Hawk had a quarrel with the last Kris Kristofferson in 2003.
Hawk did not pinpointed a kiss, he is still misunderstood about the article and says eopeotdago reportedly arguing absolute.
AP Showbiz Minute was Hillary Fox.
Instead of receiving a commuted agreed to plead guilty Islands
The unemployed to participate in the &quot;Olympics&quot; of Unemployed Compete in Their Own their own 2009.05
More Challenges Ahead After several airline service quality improvement projects in bulk 2009.05
English-Korean dictionary yakeopyo / English Dictionary yakeopyo
George tenet that the former CIA director Porter Goss, the CIA will be summoned to testify in the investigation into the incidents dispose of the interrogation video of terrorism suspects, a senior lawmaker said on Wednesday.
House Intelligence Committee Chairman Democrat and top Republican lawmakers said the important people in Congress to extend the investigation into the Bush administration cover up allegations of harsh rhetoric about how widely accused as tenet and Goss torture.
The day before to appear before the Senate Intelligence Committee CIA Director Michael Hayden testified in the House of Representatives Intelligence Committee is aware that it is limited in this case, CIA is said to help Congress better understand more about the CIA&#39;s activities.
South Korea became the highest potential in the past 16 World Cup finals ever.
December 9, at the draw held in Leipzig, Germany, South Korea was in Group G with France, Switzerland and Togo are evaluated Jolo passable.
The last 2002 Korea football team to promote the World Cup is paying for 6 people May 13 World Cup maiden Taekwondo in Frankfurt Togo and the first leg of next year in France and 2 in Leipzig on June 18th leg, on June 22 in Switzerland and three in Hanover the leg is pay.
G Group has become the most invasive evaluation Zorro, with Joe and organized into Mexico, Portugal, Iran and Angola D.
Switzerland&#39;s top ranking FIFA 38 has received a reputation of the most vulnerable during the European team.
The Supporters of Burma&#39;s junta broke up demonstration in Rangoon˝ Burmese junta supporters, to protest Musan who protest against the fuel price ˝2007.11
In the region of about 200 people, but the date of unusual protests and marches in rangun, doeja attracted some people are tied into a vehicle, protesters dumped all scattered.
There was also a similar protest on Sunday, a demonstration took place in the largest of the last 10 years.
Junta was arrested at least 13 activists greeted the protests earlier Wednesday, the double had also included some of the most famous dissident in Burma.
Recent protests have been in the northern suburb of rangun.
Many protesters consisting of women and received encouragement from bystanders during the military regime to resist the march to strictly control the protests.
The supporters of the military government and the civilian police doeja makatgo of protesters across the street, tied to the approximately 10 people into vehicles leaving the scene of protestors protesters witnesses argued that the dissolution.
As a result of last week&#39;s oil price hike was to spend a lot of people trying to save money to go to work.
Parliament junta, the military regime
The AP News Minute.
Man who killed 13 people last week in the immigrant center wrote a letter to clear a bucket on a television station in upstate New York.
Burley not in the letter Wong has also claimed that he came to touch even during plaguing myself for a number of years the police.
Authorities who searched the man and his 8-year-old daughter in Miami meonbada is believed to have discovered the bodies of two people.
The traces of salmonella were found in California pistachio processing plant went on a nationwide recall.
The plant went into a temporary suspension last week.
Singer Chris Brown has pleaded not guilty to charges that he threatened and assaulted in February, one girlfriend, Li at the time.
If convicted, Brown could be subject to a decision being imprisoned for probation or nearly five years.
Yesterday, the South Korea won the rapid depreciation, is temporarily went down to 935 won per dollar, foreign investors have closed the chapter with 933.4 won thanks to buying the dollar to exchange the sales of Korea&#39;s stock.
4.5 won tumbled yesterday is six days after the exchange rate was continuously continues, and thus won was 1.7% and the decline this week.
Lone Star Chairman John Gray, Ken apologized and pledged to donate 100 billion won in the society after the sale of KEB to the protest against the actions of the people in the Lone Star Korea and South Korea to South Korea.
Korea&#39;s losing its charm as a tourist destination˝ Korea, lost the appeal as a tourist destination ˝2007.10 original description &amp; Reading Print
It was raised in the last five years, won more than 40 percent, which would be the highest in the world.
Thanks to the strong won, but the record figure of 14 million Koreans are expected to travel overseas this year, the target figure of 700 million tourists attraction in 2007 may not be realized.
In terms of the number of tourists leaving abroad, Korea has exported a lot of tourists to eighth in the world, followed by Germany, the United Kingdom, the United States, China, France, Japan and Spain.
Korea foreign tourists last year, has spent 8.4 billion US dollars or foreign currency than many foreigners visiting Korea.
According to the Korea Tourism Organization (KTO), the gap is expected to be much going on this year.
Recent strong won made many foreign tourists are reluctant to visit South Korea, encouraging the locals on their way to leaving abroad, especially in Japan.
South Korea&#39;s inflation is among the most expensive in the world axis.
According to Business Travel News 2007 Travel magazine Index, the US business including other costs such as hotelbi, meals and taxis must pay $ 396 to stay during the day in Seoul.
Deadly storm is nearing Tokyo terrible typhoon approaching Tokyo 2007.10
Korean Air is accused of providing songs in an unauthorized manner for aviation, art sued for allegedly using unauthorized sources 2006.06 Source Description Print &amp; Reading
Korea Producers Association sources have claimed that the KAL use MP3 music file illegally in aircraft and airport lounges, and accused the prosecution.
In addition, Korean Air has been accused of ignoring even with the demands of eumjehyeop to stop the sources used in 2004.
Yujein eumjehyeop Legal team leader. &quot;&quot; This complaint was made for sounding the alarm about the use of illegal music of large shipping companies.
Analysts warn of a red light for Korean economy Korea&#39;s economic red flags warning 2006.06
The Afghan capital to a luxury hotel in Kabul that Taliban fighters attack, at least six people were killed.
After a huge explosion that shook the Serena Hotel, was soon after the shooting continued, the Taliban side of the bombers claimed that the blast occurred because they have a blast on the containing explosives.
Among the dead it is also included in the Norwegian journalist and a citizen of the United States, and bodyguards.
During one escape the basement was also included in Jonas Store, Norwegian Minister of Foreign Affairs.
Norwegian reporter named Carl Sten Thomas Sen, 39, was working at the Oslo newspaper, blah Dag det.
The US State Department in Washington gwangeja has confirmed that the Americans had died, he said it would not disclose the identity of the victim until the family received a notice.
Mr. Kyung - Jun Kim hits Prosecutors blame the prosecution 200806.04
Abu Aliyev was among four senior leaders group that kidnapped 21 people in a small resort Abdullah mobin 2000 Malaysian spoken several times of.
Philippine officials said he died in a shootout when marines raided his hideout in Tawi Tawi island.
The United States had put a bounty of 20,000 dollars (9,900 lbs) to his arrest.
Mobin a little brother Abdullah Ah, vice captain of the Gaddafi janjal Aliyev Rani, Gaddafi was killed last year in a clash with Philippine military.
South Korea has announced that the Ministry of Maritime Affairs and considering North Korea banned the side waters of the North Korean ship that might have been contaminated by radioactivity to enforce nuclear test flight.
Maritime Affairs and Fisheries has added that discussions with the Ministry of Unification for this scheme.
It is presumed to have carried out a preliminary step ahead of the sanctions resolution and nuclear, missile, which prohibits the transport of materials related to the US-led Proliferation Security Initiative (PSI) running through the North Passage of the United Nations.
In August 2005, 77 ships have North and South Korea since the vessel entered into an agreement maritime passed 124 times the side of Korea territorial waters.
According to the Coast Guard, most of these vessels have been carrying oil or cement from the east coast of North Korea moving to the west coast of the island near the back, a marine official said, &quot;North Korean ships are passing through the territorial sea without a difference wooricheuk before.&quot; He said.
If the Unification Ministry approved a plan to ban North Korean vessels operate, a North Korean ship will be accessible to the Korea side waters that are currently operated prohibited.
NK prepares its nuke against US threats defense against North Korea, the United States claimed threat 2006.12
Half of South Korea&#39;s youth would side with North Korea in case of US&#39;s attacks South Korea lad half when the US attacked the North Korean side to listen 2006.04
If nearly half of the US attack on North Korea&#39;s nuclear facilities without the consent of Korea in 2007, a survey of young people will have the first right to vote in the presidential election in North Korea replied that stand side.
According to the conducted in 18 target young people 1,000 people of 23 years old Korea Times and jamaeji Korea Times that from February 16th to the 19th survey, if 48% of respondents said the US attack on North Korea&#39;s nuclear facilities, South Korea North Korea to act on behalf and said they should be required to stop the attack on the United States.
However, 40.7% answered that daphaetgo that Korea should remain neutral, while 11.6% will need to cooperate with the United States.
South Korea&#39;s political experts said should not interpret the survey results mean that South Korea&#39;s young people are not like the United States.
Riots in Pakistan triggered by the Muhammad (Muhammad) cartoons scandal in Europe sprang a spark Korea Transport Company far in Peshawar.
Protesters Sammi-burn treatment belong to a bus 17 injured four people staff.
In South Korea, a ministry official was asked to provide additional protection for the Pakistan presided over South Korea Enterprises Pakistan.
Officials have delivered that another Pakistani government believes an attack on South Korea The company was not aimed at the corporate Korea, attack foreign and government of Pakistan facilities and was an accidental by the enraged Muslims.
Sammi Daewoo will leave 2,800 employees, and has been with South Korea four people sent to all staff working in Pakistan, hundreds of km, Lahore, Peshawar.
The accident damage suffered by the company is estimated at about 50 billion won ($ 500 million).
Company officials to cover damages to the insurance, but the bus said it will not be for some time.
US economic interventions put North Korea into Chinese orbit drove into the US financial sanctions against North Korea for China goods 2006.04
Seoul National University has a committee on December 12, to investigate the allegations concerning stem cell research of Hwang gained worldwide fame.
Seoul National University announced that the Committee has undertaken primarily by the pictures and DNA fingerprints data research of the supplement used in the study of Hwang filed a doubt some scientists manipulated dwaetdamyeo.
Korea Herald reported that Turkey&#39;s crude oil price per barrel to more than 86 fire olratdago record prices because of worries may disrupt shipments to attack Kurdish rebels in Iraq.
Crude oil has climbed this week, Turkish Prime Minister and request a $ 3 bill for military action against the rebels in Iraq&#39;s third largest oil powers in the world to Parliament.
Some investors due to the weakness of the dollar and the US stock market was turning to the direction of crude oil and other materials.
As the Thai opposition parties and voters to boycott the second general election, it has become more serious political crisis in Thailand.
April will be a second election chirwo because it was not a total 500 seats in the House of Commons filled due to the low voter turnout in the 2nd election.
However, the situation may not happen again voters to be more related to the election chirwo not again participate in the vote.
Who led the boycott he has criticized the ruling Thai Rock Thai party of corruption and abuse of power.
On the other hand, despite the April 2 general election victory in, and Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra has resigned as prime minister in a subsequent massive public resistance against his power.
But Thaksin has said will lead the party will remain in the parliament to continue (Thailand Rock Thailand).
mobilize turnout, attendees, strikes, production value, Junction
China is the BBC announced that a man has killed 10 people took the Australian tourists as hostages.
The incident began when two men hijacked a bus carrying tourists on his way to an interpreter in Xi&#39;an (Xian) City.
Eoteuna weeks later he released them, let the negotiations fail to surrender were shot dead by the police.
Details are not known, correspondents say they are extremely rare in cases of this kind in China.
Xi&#39;an is one of the attractions is a set of life-sized terracotta warriors on ancient that as the main attractions, the most popular in China.
Trials of tourists began just before the kidnappers shot 10:00 a.m. (0200 GMT) climbed armed with explosives and the bus was near the historical square of Xian.
Week the Australian embassy spokesman Oe According to the neolrin, nine or released nateu, New South Wales-born 48-year-old woman was arrested early in the hostage long.
negotiations negotiation, bargaining
NASA&#39;s spacecraft Dawn launched to an eight-year journey of the spacecraft fired Don Ho screws 2007.12
US spacecraft to visit the small world of Ceres and Vesta was launched 34 minutes at 11 Greenwich Mean Time on the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station.
The journey of the spacecraft is virtually amounted to 5,000,000,000 kilometers, maybe scientists are expected to help decipher see how the solar system configuration.
The asteroids, it is known that residual dyed after the planets were created.
Don Ho arrives at Vesta in 2011 and continued to fly will visit Ceres in 2015.
Ceres is almost spherical, it is known that hides the ice layers up to 120 kilometers (80 miles in 40) at 60 under a solid surface.
In the last year, the International Astronomical Union meeting, Ceres were the &quot;dwarf planet&quot; status by the rise in the biggest chunk of the asteroid belt, which now will be called names such as Pluto.
The protagonist of the debate held at the Ronald Reagan Memorial Library in Simi Valley, California include include Rudolph Juliana (former Mayor), John McCain (Senator), Mitt Romney (former Massachusetts governor).
Less known is the name of the candidates struggled to inform their profile ahead of next year&#39;s primary election.
Eight Democratic presidential candidates took place a week later with a first debate in South Carolina.
The Republican debate will be relayed via a cable broadcast MSNBC.
The event, sponsored by the blog site Politico poly evaluated by the nominations and discussions.
This debate will give a good opportunity to compare the qualities and abilities of the Republican candidate for many voters.
The main agenda has expressed its support for the cause of Iraq, John McCain, George W Bush and the war in Iraq, especially the Senate.
In addition to the agenda may include medical, terrorism and the environment.
30,000 Korean women are working as prostitutes in Japan 3 Korea women 2007.07 10,000 people working as a waitress in Japan
The BBC reported that criticized the Roh administration came to the division between the newness and encourage people from the opposition in the economy and foreign affairs.
In addition, the current government came to shape US policy and conflict with excessive generosity to and dismissed the North&#39;s nuclear claims.
Here GNP obtained a national identification in case one day before the election, over 10 unemployed ex-convict is piseup bakdaepyo a knife.
- bakdaepyo was wearing a 11cm surgical wounds on the cheek to sew 60 stitches.
- President Roh Moo-hyun&#39;s re-election is prohibited by law.
- the GNP has been a critical stance on aid to pursue the promotion of relations with the United States.
South Korea, the United States and Japan are meeting representatives met in Hanoi to begin the six-party talks on the Korean nuclear issue ready.
Cheonyoungwoo Korea, Christopher Hill, the US representative and representatives, Japanese representatives genyichiro the judges are expected to discuss whether to assess North Korea&#39;s intention to return to the six-party talks, and how to practice the joint agreement created in September 2005.
In mid-November, present, Hanoi has opened the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation summit to be held annually.
Thousand representative said that the possibility of six-party talks in mid December in a radio interview resumes.
The captain of Korea freed from hijacked ships between five months, some sailors suffered physical pain and yet, said Sunday that the fear condition.
He said the search for explosives and ammunition by the US Navy aboard.
Wagoner furnace No. 1 in Korea Daechang Department of Fisheries and Wagoner furnace No. 2 was hijacked by pirates in Korea, China, Indonesia and Vietnam on May 15, while the crew aboard the 24 people Somali coast.
Both crew members were confirmed to be safe.
Negotiations for their release was delayed by the reports of serious violence by the Muslim kidnap and ransom parties.
release (in duty bound, suffering, etc.) ... It is a free - ways, release]
In Baghdad, the violence today has been fought yet again.
&quot;The suicide bomber deopchyeot police lined up in the University of Baghdad, police entrance.
Terrorists have struck tert explosives near the door of the police academy.
Police College is located in Shiite areas are densely Mormon. &quot;
32 people killed in terrorist attacks Suspended and about 60 wounded.
Police and military who are looking for a fire on the last night at the British military base located in the suburbs of Belfast, Northern Ireland.
Attacking soldiers had killed two people.
Northern Ireland first minister Peter Robinson has said that people do not want to go through the Sky News as a &quot;time of trouble.&quot;
&quot;I think dimly seen whether Ireland was like in the past.
I believe it would be the decision that we should go back to the past in political parties and religious denominations. &quot;
police academy Police College, Police Academy
side entrance door
Pope Benedict will make a pilgrimage to the Holy Land in May Pope Benedict, 2009.06 will embark on a pilgrimage in May
Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki said, &quot;There is a limit that can not afford to make mistakes.&quot; Related to civilian casualties in an interview with Reuters,
As a result, experts gathered mouth would have an even more serious impact on the US position Ghraib prisoner abuse case is the case of Abu.
US military officials in Anbar province US Marines in Haditha two villagers by the roadside bomb shortly after a bomb attack killed 15 people eight insurgents were sacrificed, according to an initial investigation.
Among the anti-French demonstrations continued in China, the Dalai Lama was named an honorary citizen of Paris.
Paris city council voted for what a spiritual leader of Tibet, the Paris market in the no-Bertrand Delacroix called the &quot;Champion of Peace&quot; award is symbolic status.
President Nicolas Sarkozy&#39;s political party was opposed to the measure, he has sought to attempt to mitigate strained relations with China.
Chinese protesters accused the Dalai Lama and has the support picketing French supermarket Carrefour.
Although China accuses the Dalai Lama of inciting unrest in Tibet, the Dalai Lama has denied these claims.
Chinese officials began a &quot;patriotic education&quot; in Tibet for two months, this training will be to gather Communist Party officials and locals blame the Dalai Lama.
The Dalai Lama, who lives in exile in India, we can not have any political role, claims did not play any role in the protests by Buddhist monks in the Tibetan riots broke out last month in the capital city of Lhasa.
But he condemned the Chinese crackdown that followed, accused China committing &quot;cultural genocide&quot; in Tibet. honorary honor
Korea, Japan to Expand Youth Exchanges one to one, the key expansion between the new generation of AC 200809.18
Zimbabwe opposition turns to UN appeals to the Zimbabwean opposition United Nations 200809.18
Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has said that it will not abandon its nuclear technology to succumb to external pressure.
He said, &quot;&quot; We have the technology to produce nuclear fuel.
Australian sent wrong Iraq body Iraq Australian soldiers arrived dead wrong 2006.06
Europe is set to send a probe to Venus. Europe, the Venus exploration undertaken 2005.12 Source Description Print &amp; Reading
Venus probe Venus Express (Venus Express) is 3:33 Wednesday comes carried on the Russian Soyuz rocket AM (GMT, 12:33 Korea time) will be launched from Baikonur cosmodrome in Kazakhstan.
Since around the track for 500 days to become global surface temperatures observed a very hot atmosphere of Venus.
Thus the academic world and expect to be able to uncover important information than on the Earth&#39;s climate.
Venus is the Earth and the size much like called &#39;twin planet.
A lawyer for one of Saddam Hussein&#39;s co-defendants shot to death in Baghdad of Saddam aides slain lawyer 2005.12
Barack Obama is the father of the president-elect at the same time. Obama I have a role in a new interview.
To spread the news, now that Rita poly reporters are out in the press room.
&quot;What happens when that polite, sweet, likes a joke and a smart little girl came to live in the White House?&quot;
&quot;About the results of the children living in the White House, what attitude will also occur to those who would protect us.&quot;
Rita reporters. When the weight the Oprah Winfrey talk haetneundeyo always honest.
Queen of talk shows are neuleotgo 40 lbs in the last few years through O magazine, she has maintained her integrity yireundago revealed once again the current 200 pounds.
As a result of a consequence of ~
Governor Jennifer Granholm of Michigan urges the auto industry bailout, Michigan Gov. Jennifer Granholm, the bailout requirements for the automotive industry 2008.12
Taliban militants and detained in the 21 Korean hostages in Afghanistan, ˝ said new requests to the Afghan government to release the two men to give the Taliban prisoners in exchange for the release on Tuesday, the two women hostages health is deteriorating.
In an interview with the self-proclaimed Taliban spokesman Ahmadi Carry Similar programs are Korea Times, &quot;Taliban were ready to make the exchange of hostages and prisoners have poor health,&quot; he said.
Ahmadi who is mentioned that the two women hostages seriously worsen existing health, it could be argued that proper medical attention without death.
Ahmadi spokesman said, received only a small amount of medical supplies provided by the Afghan doctors group.
On the other hand, he was denied a report that suggested that militants are exchanging Taliban prisoners and women with women hostages emphatically insisted that &quot;senior Taliban layer does not have a women&#39;s section.&quot;
Find the last seven Korean hostages in Afghanistan January 13 for outreach are currently between 18 women and three men, and remains, mostly in their 20s 30s.
Some religious groups have argued that the National Assembly does not jaegaejeong the Private School hagetdamyeo closed the schools belong to their denomination, sahakbeop inhibits the autonomy of schools established.
Corporate Sector Representatives Korea Christian Federation of Catholic School 40 patients visited the National Assembly, and emphasized the need for sahakbeop amended to provide for an open first director.
He said a statement would be, &quot;If Congress does not amend the sahakbeop associated with the school board in this session, we closed the school.&quot;
Nationwide, 73 middle schools and South Korea Korean Council of Churches with the Christian Council, which owns the visited Cheong Wa Dae to convey their strong opposition to the sahakbeop.
The opposition Grand National Party (GNP) presidential candidate Lee Myung-bak of the ˝ been criticized by the remarks derogatory to women.
NGOs and the ruling United New Democratic Party and the Democratic Labor Party lawmakers, has criticized the candidate about his &quot;inappropriate&quot; jokes about prostitutes in a recent meeting with the media managing editor.
Some journalists who attended the dinner, are rotation told the candidates, citing a matter of years experience who worked in the business, it&#39;s better to get ugly when women than beautiful women get a massage from abroad, it reported the newspaper on the Internet.
According to the report, the candidate when we talk about &quot;life skills&quot; is known to be one of those mentioned.
The case is cited there as a favorite high school students and out to the body shop overseas school trips relations, Kim spokesman did not rule out the possibility that the &quot;politicians&quot; can legalize prostitution of teenagers.
Political NGOs in Daejeon are urged to apologize to women for that controversial remarks.
&quot;The seriousness of the issue, the statement of the candidate that is based on the terms of the usual to tolerate sexism,&quot; he argued in the organization.
Byeon for sponsoring the degree faker ˝ prosecutors, God&#39;s going to accuse former aide accused of sponsoring a byeonyanggyun ˝ 2007.12
Source description &amp; Reading Print
During today announced the restitution of property acquired Chinilpa.
The government carried out the first thing that 10,058 years is a starting point to liquidate the remnants iljae.
However, this wave is expected soon according to property restitution.
Chinilpa are tough stance, saying hagetdaneun accused infringing on individual private property.
Chinilpa descendants may sue the administration within 90 days of receiving the notice confiscated property.
Presidential firm pro-Japanese banminjok estate agents commission said would be attributable to the land of the property is 254,906 sm of nine major figures in key posts Chinilpa descended into the country.
The official price of the land has a value of 3.06 billion won.
Property restitution has been carried out since December 2005, created a special law on property restitution banminjok pro-Japanese actors.
Hwang Woo-suk&#39;s research activities will not be affected by Gerald P. Schatten&#39;s announcement. Hwang&#39;s research, the Declaration and to continue 2005.12 Regardless of Professor Schatten
Stem cell researchers in Hwang&#39;s Gerald P. collaboration suspended declaration and research, regardless of Professor Schatten would continue to take place yesterday reaffirmed.
Excessive professor Professor Schatten of the University of Pittsburgh Medical Institute and was involved in Hwang ethical violations revealed at a press conference last week that stopped the proceeding on joint research over the past 20 months because he lied about it to him.
Chinese Dictionary
But Leo Lee bupo George Washington University history professor is the backbone of Obama&#39;s speech, said Abraham 2nd was his inaugural address, Lincoln&#39;s because &quot;(the inaugural speech of Lincoln) Civil War cried a national unity almost kkeutnagal time is the greatest vocation most memorable to argue that it was a memorable speech people. &quot;
Out of the US Airways accident aviation groups being lifted from the Hudson River, New York investigators have scrutinized the right engine and inside such rooms remained in the cockpit, gas (for the cause of the accident analysis).
This is a black box that records such as &#39;bang&#39; in the (flight recorders) roar, the sudden loss of engine power, the structure of the pilot requested the National Transportation Safety Board has said.
Erect set the standard criteria
30 ℉ = -1.1 ℃ to 32 degrees F, and then subtracting the quasi-fit criteria, divided by 180 multiplied by 100 is the degree Celsius.
Cosmetic procedures ahead of time instead of forming the wind 2009.01 doubled before inauguration events inauguration ceremony
Korea Times, which was reported by some, despite criticism about the English education reform, and quoted the President-elect Lee Myung-bak would adhere to the position hagetdaneun reform of English education.
In addition, Lee has announced that it will conduct an assessment every six months for officials in the Cabinet and presidential biseojin.
In Saturday&#39;s two-day workshop was attended by Adviser of the President-elect was in Seoul, President Lee emphasized nuggets given interfere with the long-term national goals towards this vision biased by short-sighted vested in English South Korea friendly lines.
He has been the widespread use of English I think a key factor to strengthen the competitiveness of Korea and Koreans.
The elect, if necessary, government officials have stated that it is necessary to haejyeoya strong enough to push their ideas.
Roh&#39;s strong critics on a former prime minister Roh strongly criticized former Prime Minister Goh Kun 2007.03
If the SiO was also used for rough, dry presented to former prime minister is currently a strong presidential candidate.
&quot;I nominate Mr. Goh Kun as prime minister, hoping to give the cross-linking between me and conservatives.
But eventually it nominated me as its participating government fell and isolated. &quot;
For the criticism that the government is too involved for taking a lenient stance on North Korea&#39;s nuclear test, &quot;the missiles do not fly to us, we certainly know.&quot;
GNP votes against a revision of tax law GNP, tax laws contrary 2007.03
English-Korean dictionary yakeopyo / English Dictionary yakeopyo
Allowing the North Korean nuclear test could promote military rearmament of Japan dwaetdago said that government officials and foreign analysts.
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said it would speed up building a missile defense system against North Korea&#39;s nuclear provocations.
Abe said Japan will continue to strengthen the United States stressed that the security system and take &quot;strict measures&quot; about the North.
It also reiterated the ambition for peace constitutional amendments that directly limit the use of force in Japan.
Japan&#39;s government is seeking to expand the role on the international stage and devise adequate military buildup under a reinforced solidarity with the United States for this purpose.
Foreign experts argue that Korea uses its alliance with the United States in strengthening Japan&#39;s military buildup.
Japan River of the North Korean nuclear test, emphasized that &quot;a serious threat to peace and security in Northeast Asia and the world.&quot;
SNU starts construction on Hwang Woo-suk Research Center. Research Building builds Seoul National University, Hwang .2005.09
A budget of 25 billion won of Seoul National University plans to build a state-of-the-art biotechnology research building for stem cell research over Hwang in Seoul Gwanak campus.
Including the groundbreaking ceremony, the Prime Minister Lee Hae-chan and Seoul Mayor Lee Myung-bak, Seoul National University president Chung Un-chan will attend.
&quot;Hwang Woo-suk research building&quot; as 25 billion won favorite facilities of the named building construction is in full support of Science and Technology.
October 2006 Completion scheduled for this state-of-the-art research building, the primate research testing facilities, stem cell research, experimental facilities, animal cloning and Cell Transplantation Laboratory and Molecular Biology Project laboratory is equipped will a foreign scientific research centers be collaborating with Professor Hwang Korea the SNU side said that it will also come in branch offices.
The government and the ruling Uri Party yesterday decided to handle the &#39;Jeju&#39; legislation in the National Assembly.
This island is the exercise of authority over the administrative almost all areas received grants autonomy from the central government starting next July.
Ohyounggyo Ministry of Government Administration and Home Affairs Minister Uri jeongchaekwi wonhyeyoung was thus determined by the government and the ruling party of the Association of the Chairman to attend.
Released under a special law Roh plans to create a free international city, Jeju Island is to exercise autonomy in policy areas Jeju Island, more than 350 dogs.
These include police, education, tax, human resources, organization and bond issuance.
KTU, APEC Summit welcomed 2005.12
Lee is the likeliest contender Lee Myung-bak, former Seoul mayor hwaksilsi the Grand National Party candidate nomination 2007.05 Source Description Print &amp; Reading
According to a recent poll conducted after another former mayor was seen as the most polls, including obtaining the approval rating of 50%.
But there is one kind of obstacle to the entire market is that it may not receive strong support from party members to participate in the presidential primary ballot.
A strong contender Park Geun-hye of the Grand National Party before the market was a former representative believed that getting a lot more support than the former mayor among party members.
S. Korea, US will reach a balanced, high-quality FTA USA, balanced and high-level agreement would yirwonael 2007.05
There to meet the 25 day strike, the pilots union and the airline does not reduce the primary position was the government decided to intervene before it is even worse, while two days bitgo a setback in export schedule season travelers experienced the inconvenience caused.
It is a three Shipbuilding Corporation in 1993 after a strike for Hyundai Motor labor union strike in 1999 and the second one is activated the Emergency Department of Labor jojeonggwon.
Mediation is both fighting
The 4th consecutive rise in the stock market is not uncommon as Four Card Poker, securities trader, you are excited about today because the stock market was rising, while the Dow opened.
Just listen to God&#39;s voice, you pay a seed analyst David Buick, London stock market is also a continuous income in London.
While the global market is receiving encouraging news from banks and other companies, Buick, Mr. warning, saying that it considered as follows.
The recovery of relief, but a welcome one, there is still too early to say that the mayor took the floor. &quot;
One little good news and we&#39;ll deliver.
The US trade deficit fell almost 10% between December and January. However, the government has announced that these results appeared because the demand for oil and other imports in the US decreased by the recession.
In order to improve the US economy must be made more exports.
Currently the Dow has risen 14 points.
Finance Ministers of the 20 countries are meeting in London and the suburbs to provide a solution to the global economic crisis.
World Bank President Robert Zoellick has warned them that there might be a year is a very dangerous year.
He said that if the economic stimulus package ahead with reform, not the same as being a hyperglycemic state.
As in a continuous row, in line
to all intents and purposes in all respects, perceiving a certain point
America&#39;s new objectives for the Afghanistan war to be announced next week will announce a new goal 2009.06 circumference of the US for the war in Afghanistan
UN nuclear inspectors arrived in Pyongyang UN nuclear inspectors arrived in Pyongyang 2007.09 Source Description Print &amp; Reading
Pyongyang has agreed to close the Yongbyon nuclear facility, according to the agreement agreed last February.
Raise hayino linen decorated temples, but we expected this visit optimistic, we can visit the Yongbyon said andago not sure.
Because the problem with the frozen funds finally resolved, South Korea said it will resume food aid to the devastated country.
June 30, North Korea, which is suffering a shortage of food will begin delivery of rice.
US Senate revives migration plan ˝ Congress, settlement planning resurrection ˝ 2007.09
Despite years of twists and turns, inter-Korean economic cooperation has showed continuous progress reached the pinnacle in both quantitative and qualitative sides.
North-South trade has stood As erected Kaesong in the North side of the demilitarized zone near the city of more than $ 1 billion for the first time, it increased, according to KITA 57.7% a year ago between November January 2005, that is, 978.6 million US dollars the recorded.
South Korean companies currently have a total of 15 side is housed in the Kaesong Industrial Complex.
North Korean visits to the state cemetery 2005년 총결산 :
North Korea&#39;s recent protests, saying the Bush administration has once again throw cold water acts in the six-party talks gahaja economic sanctions against North Korean organizations of local and foreign sources in Seoul said yesterday.
North Korea has also filed a complaint against the US side claims that the counterfeiting of US dollars and distributed through a Creative Macau Chinese Bank.
A statement released after the Banco Delta Asia had stopped trading with North Korea.
Despite the crisis and the North Korean government official in Seoul it said, saying you do not stop the talks.
Whereas other officials to judge whether North Korea&#39;s complaints be a serious threat to the only part of the talks or whether another extreme policy said La premature.
Ambassador Hong Seok-hyun week before returning 2005.12
DJ accepts invitation from Pyongyang.DJ, Northern invited to accept the official explanation 2005.09 Source &amp; Reading Print
Former President Kim Dae-jung&#39;s visit to North Korea has officially accepted the invitation of Kim Jong-il.
Commemorating the 60th anniversary of the liberation 8 • 15 high-ranking officials of the North Korean delegation had participated in the national daechukjeon munbyeong the former President Kim Dae-jung being admitted to a hospital in Seoul a few days ago with pneumonia and passed the doctor&#39;s visit to North Korea invited North Korean leader Kim Jong Il.
US forces, the armistice peacekeeping peninsula 2005.09
According to the forecast of the US media, based on exit polls, Barack Obama won the Virginia Democratic presidential primaries.
The results may be a big shock to Hillary Clinton, she is the greatest odds in Virginia.
Has not yet been voted on in the Maryland State deadline was already closed in Washington, DC.
Senator Clinton, is expected to change their own destiny through the presidential election held on March 4 primaries in Ohio and Texas.
In the middle of election results, the Republican candidate Mike Huckabee campaign is showing the results of a leader, John McCain and tuck film.
Since losing a whole lot more delegates McCain has secured them, Huckabee candidate in Saturday&#39;s Kansas and Louisiana, trying to strengthen their leadership showed impatience jumped into this campaign.
Correspondent argued that, a lot of work to do to mobilize the party of raising leaders continue to wonder about the conservative party of the McCain, Arizona Senator.
Candidate Huckabee said he is going to withdraw the candidacy but under pressure to back off for a party rally, until yet.
Korea Dictionary
New York Philharmonic Orchestra will hold a concert at the historic North Korea in February.
Jarin meta president said the two do a concert in Pyongyang, capital of North 26th.
Ministry of Culture of the communist country is cut off from the world in August sent a letter of invitation to the New York Philharmonic.
This concert is performed by the first American to visit North Korea, it is considered a breakthrough in the tense relations between the two countries.
According to BBC reports, seven people were aboard crashed military helicopter were killed.
A Defense Ministry official said hyeotda heh brightness to the AP news agency that the helicopter crashed at 1:40 a.m. Wednesday, Gyeonggi-do, near Seoul.
The incident occurred on his way by transferring the patient to a military hospital helicopter back.
The official said the two pilots, two surgeons, and that three soldiers were killed.
The investigation concerns were undertaken.
Rockin&#39; And Rollin&#39; On Wall Street the day swinging beat Wall Street&#39;s 2007.11
˝ Today was one of the hardest days of Wall Street, the index fell 340 points, or the viscosity during opening hours.
However, this afternoon deadline just a few minutes ago, the Dow Jones index was converted to the rising phase.
And this number is again reversed, the Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 16 points.
The federal government has poured billions of dollars in money and dropped empower the financial sector, and to save the market, they defend another slump.
Oil prices were closing at $ 71, down more than $ 2 a barrel, which is a much lower price than the recent peak of 78 US dollars per barrel.
Suu Kyi ˝ United States, Aung San Suu Kyi freed in Burma to press ˝ 2007.09
The former President Kim Dae-jung&#39;s aides, including a handful of opposition personnel claimed that they went hiding this National Intelligence illegal wiretapping related to President Roh Moo-hyun announced a political intention.
NIS announced that it overlaid the illegal wiretapping was done even greater damage under the Kim Dae-jung administration in honor of the former president to receive the Nobel Peace Prize to the efforts of a decade for democracy and human rights.
Choi secretary one person in his remarks during the president&#39;s loyal henchman before Kim can be seen as representing the former President Kim in his heart.
Many hurdles in way of signing the peace treaty armistice, still a long way to become a peace treaty 2005.09
South Korea&#39;s financial contribution to the stationing costs of the US military on the peninsula cut down for 8.9% this year. This year USFK defense contribution 8.9% Decrease
South Korea and the United States, the officials said an agreement in less than a 680.4 billion won 8.9% defense contribution on US forces in 2004.
South Korea and the United States have fought a disagreement about the duration and cost of the &quot;&quot; special defense contribution agreements. &quot;
Compared to a country that hopes the agreement period of one year, the United States has argued for many years agreement for five years.
Police, the largest school violence circle caught in Seoul
Ibrahim Gambari, the UN special envoy to Myanmar recently fell not met with Than Shwe in the junta leader to visit Myanmar. He mannateuna the detained opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi being, requested talks with senior generals were rejected.
Gambari is, but put pressure on the authorities in Myanmar political reform, there was little tangible progress.
Myanmar has rejected his request Mildura independent observers to monitor the referendum for a constitutional amendment.
Myanmar also has also refused to modify the constitution so that Aung San Suu Kyi to participate in elections.
The soldiers allegedly raped 60 women in Seoul, Seoul yesterday to withdraw the appeals court said that the final four years in prison.
Yibyeongeun Geronimo Ramirez, 23, began serving from last month convicted for being an assault on South Korea&#39;s 66-year-old woman in a residential area west of Seoul, and rape ...
Commission to Strengthen Human Rights of Foreigners Commission for the strengthening of human rights of foreign 2007.10
˝ said Wednesday it would raise a lawmaker of South Korea past, migrant workers and measures to promote the human rights of international married couples and their children in government.
The National Human Rights Commission angyeonghwan chairman this year, said the decision by the committee to focus on foreigners in South Korea.
In an interview with The Korea Times, he emphasized that all humans are equal and should be treated the same in all respects, regardless of their skin color or nationality.
Former law school professor who was not chairman of the Seoul National University, said South Korea is facing racial differentiation.
According to statistics, a pair of married couples during the last year, eight pairs of the International was a married couple, the welfare of foreign spouses living in South Korea was a major problem.
The chairman is not too Koreans, he said that the protection of human rights must be ensured.
Starting with plans to depart the Commission as well as to those rights education in Korea Korean culture.
Amnesty International has started a new campaign and urged to support the free online from Internet users.
Amnesty International sikimyeo highlight the situation that the world governments are repressive various opinions using the Internet celebrated its activities over the last 45 years.
These plans highlight the cases where the campaign is the misuse of the right to use the Internet and, demand the release of people convicted of remarks online.
In addition, governments will also be discussed with the business name gave help to prevent the protest online.
Called Irrepressible.info campaign is deployed through the Web site of the same name.
That human rights organizations are expected to feasting Whereas been fought in the campaign to take the problem of repression and Internet dissidents on the web separately until now Irrepressible.info has joined the two campaigns, free internet repression by the government If it aims to become the face of hope.
It is unlike the dissent opinion, disagreement, objection
, The dissent of differing opinions Dissident, nonconformist, opposition parties
Aid flow begins for Indonesia in the earthquake-torn Indonesian 2006.07
Barack Obama is the time to talk to you about a job at a rally in Dayton, Ohio.
John McCain and Sarah Palin had the two hour speech in another area of contention Wisconsin.
American Rifle Association has noted that McCain got more than 60 votes from the Senate to help the second Amendment, and supporting the McCain as president.
It found that on election day are eligible to vote and not surprisingly seems to cause people.
&quot;The New York Times has reported that the number of voting rights can not be excluded from the list of owners, or to vote for at least six competing countries.
According to reports in some of these states it is revealed to be improperly using your personal data to query the application for registration of new electors. &quot;
Opener of the National League Championship Series game against the Phillies and Dodgers are unfolded in Philadelphia tonight.
American League Championship Series will be held tomorrow night at Tampa Bay.
Since no financial bailout, Treasury Secretary Paulson&#39;s strategy?
There is no saved searches.
Regulations on buying overseas property for investment purpose is about to be relaxed. Seemed to be easing foreign real estate acquired for investment purposes Regulation
The government said it was considering a plan to mitigate the foreign real estate acquired for investment purposes of the law.
The Ministry of Finance and Economy announced configure a team of experts to assess the current regulations related to the recent foreign investment and make the necessary revisions.
Korea Herald reported boindago to be eased restrictions on foreign individuals who wish to acquire real estate in this legislation amended.
Also it seems to be so advantageous to those who want to invest in overseas real estate investment fund made through the amendment.
Anti-foreign minister recently warning the North Korean nuclear-related attitudes
Japan, at least 69 people died in a commuter train derailment
Chinese security police prominent human rights activist who has filed several lawsuits whilst attracted high-profile and has been detained AIDS activist.
